abilene regional airport serves the city in texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway number is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
denmark is inhabited by danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force bombed libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds are in the architectural style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is a leader in buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
the demonym for people in india is indian .
julia morgan designed the significant los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil is available in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction is the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of math .
castle is written in the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the town of giubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league greece season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago is attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot for apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone found in california .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
benjamin urich is the full name of ben urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as the black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has the area code 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is at an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is the language spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arròs negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region .
chicken belongs to the class of bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio , united states .
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is elevated 13 . 0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas has an area of 258 . 2 square kilometres and an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in albuquerque , new mexico , united states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located .
english is the language of the united states where akron , ohio is located .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomatoes are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains chili pepper , is from italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesian dish of batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway tow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur .
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana is one of the main ingredients in binignit which is a dish from the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres and is operated by aarus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 610 metres above sea level and is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
located in punjab , pakistan , allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town fc .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who plays for a s roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is tenanted by jong ajax .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
the eissn number of aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
a loyal character dancer is in print and was written by qiu xiaolong .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson , and was followed by the book alcataz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , comes under the academic discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which is the parent company of johns hopkins .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by the american , peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , broadcasted by stv , stars graeme garden .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
marv wolfman created the character bibbo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbo .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard served as a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler from the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the architectural company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in the country of ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat , india .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is a leader in the united states .
buzz aldrin is an american who graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis where francis g slay is the leader .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch is a native bird . he spent 13017 minutes in space .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is available in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the galileo affair was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city and publishes acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and attended stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by australians .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil is 248 pages long and was written by garth nix . it is available in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to actapalaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell who publish the addiction journal . the journal has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a 320 page hardcover book with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and is written in english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he is also attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodríguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . the club has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of exféteinoupoli .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " , they have 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . halton and runcorn fc halton .
afc fylde are managed by dave challinor who plays for colwyn bay fc and stockport county f . c .
livorno calcio s . p . a . has the full name of " livorno calçio sv " and their ground is in livorno , italy . they have 19238 members .
a . s . livorno calcio , managed by christian panucci , play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 have been champions .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and real madrid c . f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is located in greece and they play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc have been champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . ş .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio , empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . d . licata 1931 . he is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago played for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is attached to the club asd nola 1925 . he has been manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti . he has been manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building in the united states was designed by the architect george winkler and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay which was completed in december 2008 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business , located in the united states , are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including chinatown in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomaar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat where the leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the new mexico senate and has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a utc offset of - 7 . the area code is 765 .
the california state senate is located in the california state capitol and is the leader of anaheim , california .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california , which is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states , where the county seat is fort worth .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and atlanta is the capital .
404 is the area code for atlanta which has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of new jersey where the largest city is newark .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states . the capital of the state is olympia .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in the county is anderson .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital is trenton .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of arlington , texas .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where attica is located in fountain county , indiana .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and albuquerque , new mexico is located .
albany , georgia is located in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where the language is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarus airport . the runway name is 10r / 28l and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the 1st runway at alderney airport , which serves the city , is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which operates allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , in the u . s . a .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
the german language is spoken in belgium where antwerp international airport serves the city .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at the four world trade center and serves new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , which is lead by ahora madrid and is part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the flowering plants and the solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . lettuce is an ingredient in a blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt and club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine and comes from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is served as a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also desserts .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato belongs to the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and belongs to the order solanales and the family of solanaceae .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi and has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and the ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rené goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and features the character baymax .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row in birmingham has 23 floors and was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans and coloured south africans are ethnic groups in the country .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle in illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the filipinos .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is lead by cyrus vance jr . manhattan and brooklyn are both parts of the city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( postal code b ) . the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by the labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the uk is the leader . the capital of the country is london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president . joe biden is a leader in the us .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in the state of pennsylvania in the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister , artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is called the president .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia , where the language is english . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico has an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area codes are 505 and 575 .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat is atlanta .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly . the assembly is located at california state capitol and spanish is spoken in the state .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area is 107 . 43 square kilometres and is 268 . 0 metres above sea level .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has an area of 75 . 324 square kilometres and a population of 102372 . the area code is 925 and the utc offset is - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey has an area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code is 609 and the leader is called the mayor of atlantic city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in alabama .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of pierce county in king county , washington , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos .
the chinese language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly . the assembly is located in california state capitol and anaheim is part of the state .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat is atlanta .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
english is the language spoken in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and where arlington is located .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans . albany is located in benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albuquerque which is lead by the mayor of albuquerque .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the language is english and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where the language is english and asian americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio . he has been manager of ac chievo verona .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for torino fc and a . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is in the a epsth 2nd group league and has 1500 members . their chairman is antonis milionis and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fyld , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to " association football club " ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane . they played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa has been manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv fc . he also plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the owner of the ground is afc ajax n . v . and the tenant is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , whose full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden godenzonen .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem . he is a member of the netherlands national football team .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which was previously won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stöger plays for sk vorwärts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city in texas . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . it serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 3500 meters long .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it is 2014 metres long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it is 2014 metres long .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
the antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the dutch government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgaberat , turkmenistan . their hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves atlantic city . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
charles michel is the leader of belgium where the german language is spoken . the country is the location of antwerp international airport which serves the city .
phillipe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . the country is the location of antwerp international airport which serves the city .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and one of the languages spoken is kurdish .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the kurdish language is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house and broadcasts bananaman . the bbc also produces bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the book was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is available in hardcover . the oclc number is 49805501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is available in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the abbreviated title of acta palaeontol . pol . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and association of american universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages . it is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 . it is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and is owned by john hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language is english . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong where chris patten is a representative . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarus . the city is governed by a magistrate .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! the country has an ethnic group called the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from lazio , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people and the malays are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . variations include the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it is popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish comes from the united states and can also be found in paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which can be found in hong kong , france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong and the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart . the pudding comes from the derbyshire dales , which is part of the county of derbyshire .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is a dish from indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and the leaders are gérard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia .
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . it is served as a dessert , as is a cookie .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader . it is also found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in ithaca , new york . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett and it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us and english is the language spoken there . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in the us and great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
the novel into battle was written by australians and was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by above the veil and the violet keystone .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language spoken in the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
1634 : the galileo affair was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the us and also in great britain .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the united states is known as the president and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , u . s . a . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the english language is spoken . amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area , california . it is lead by the 11th state assembly district and uses the english language .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and 344 . 9 square kilometres of land .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres above sea level .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . the state of alabama is home to auburn which is part of lee county .
auburn , washington , united states is part of pierce county and king county . it has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where the english language is spoken and the county seat is georgetown . austin is part of williamson county .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of austin which is part of hays county where the county seat is san marcos .
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken . austin is part of hays county which has san marcos as its county seat .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english .
the largest city in texas is houston and the language spoken is spanish . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of tarrant county where the county seat is fort worth .
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the largest city is fort worth . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where english is spoken and the demonym for people living there is americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native americans . the country is the location of lee county , alabama which is part of auburn , alabama .
opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama which is part of alabama in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are the native americans .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where the language is english . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and akron is part of summit county , ohio .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is located in turkey .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the city is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane who have their ground in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian . they play in serie d , the champions of which are ss robur siena .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . their manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the language spoken is italian . the capital of the country is rome and the people are known as italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language spoken is indonesian . arem - arem is a dish from indonesia but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is also found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia , where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and white americans are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich which originates from the united kingdom . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the order rosids .
françois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , which contain sponge cake , can be found in france .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is found . it is a variation of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor and shumai are found . shumai contains shiitake and is a variation of siomay .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is t s thakur . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . two of the leaders of india are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be varied by adding honey .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . it can be varied by adding honey . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia and felipe vi is the head of state . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . two of the leaders in italy are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in java and also in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . batchoy is eaten there .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain where the language is spanish .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where spaniards live .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a united states national . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew which was operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the mission . he is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator and benitoite is a gemstone .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an american fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 4100 metres long .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3992 . 88 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city . the 1st runway at the airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves the city of leinster in michigan , united states .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpenä county , michigan and serves the city of alpenae . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the county of michigan . the airport serves the city of leinster and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the u . s . a . and serves the city of alpena . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located 159 metres above sea level in ícolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it serves the city of atlantic city which is lead by don guardian .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders in belgium , where the capital city is brussels . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwwerp .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is one of the languages spoken there .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was started in january 2014 and has the postmodern architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader . the capital of illinois is springfield .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
the architect augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addid ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is tarō asō and the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader . ampara hospital is located in the eastern province which is governed by the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan is lead by cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is birmingham city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy . the city has the b postcode .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . two of the leaders are john roberts and barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county maryland is to the southeast and frederick county , maryland to the southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( also known as turk sehitleri aniti ) is located in baku , azerbaijan . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
alan bean is an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was alfred worden and the commander was david scott . bean retired in june 1981 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was an american fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member on apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone benitoite is found . smilodon is a fossil found in california .
william anders was an american fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the mission and frank borman was also a member of the crew . anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is known as the monarchy of denmark and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the germans of romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarus . the school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoğlu and the capital is ankara . the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the largest city is istanbul and the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of mendriso , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . switzerland ' s leader is known as the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen and its government type is magistrate .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16000 students and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen and its latin name is universitas aarusiensis .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a crew member of apollo 12 and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and has won 20 awards . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the vice president .
abdul taib mahmud is in the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman taib .
abdulam abubakar ' s active years end on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abubakar was born in minna .
abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal ' s active years end on 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis served as prime minister while antonis samaras was the leader .
adonis georgiadis worked as the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave ' s active years start on june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is a lieutenant colonel .
airey neave started service in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican .
albert b . white ' s wife was agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain was a member of the union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfred gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales ' active years start on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers started his active years on january 21 , 1947 .
allan shivers was a member of the united states army .
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel .
alvah sabin ' s active years start on march 4th , 1853 .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war .
the language of austria is austrian german .
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell was the commander of the gulf war .
john f . kennedy was preceded by dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain was preceded by francisco franco .
juan peron is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
dodge coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 dodge .
the 1955 dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine .
a - rosa luna was born on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of aluna .
astella was born on march 16th , 2013 .
astella was completed on march 11th , 2013 .
astella ' s maiden voyage was on 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aida cruises is the operator of astella .
the alv x - 1 was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the american motors matador is also known as the amc matador .
the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 was sold to the netherlands on 1 april 1948 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
the honda k engine is the engine of the acura tlx .
the acura tlx is an awd vehicle .
the acura tlx is related to the honda accord .
the acura tlx has a 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic v6 transmission .
arese is the assembly of the alfa romeo 164 .
the lancia thema is a related mean of transportation to the alfa romeo 164 .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4hp18qe transmission .
the builder of alhambra is the samuda brothers .
the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
alhambra has been wrecked .
alhambra ' s top speed was 18 . 52 .
the engine of the alvis speed 25 is a straight - six .
the model start year of the alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
the antares rocket ' s final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the antares rocket can be found at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport , launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
the guiana space centre is the launch site for ariane 5 .
the maiden flight of ariane 5 was on august 11th , 2005 .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
the aston martin virage was manufactured by aston martin .
the final flight of atlas ii was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
the launch site of atlas ii is vandenberg air force base .
august horch founded audi .
the assembly of the audi a1 is in audi brussels .
the seat ibiza is a type of transport for the audi a1 .
caterpillar , inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
fiat croma is related to the alfa romeo 164 .
germans inhabit germany .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
giovanni bertone founded gruppo bertone .
the headquarters of the guiana space centre are in kourou , french guiana .
the honda k engine is manufactured by honda .
the star - spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a . c . milan ' s chairman is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner footballer was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
the birth place of akeem adams is point fortin .
the atlanta falcons are the former team of akeem dent .
the connecticut huskies are the club of akeem priestley .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin is a member of the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
the height of aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons are based in atlanta .
don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language spoken in canada .
the language of canada is the slavey language .
the columbus blue jackets play in columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov .
finland ' s language is finnish .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under - 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
the ground of motherwell f . c . is fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
the st . louis rams play in the city of st louis .
the tennessee titans play in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram ' s active years start in 1998 .
aaron deer is in the band the horns of happiness .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is in the progressive metal genre .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is a hip hop song .
agustin barboza is in the guarania music genre .
ahmet erteğlu was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music .
bennie jones is associated with sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is a singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is soul music .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa is a member of the band , hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell started her active years in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in the jazz genre .
alison o ' donnell plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of february , 1981 .
allen forrest is in the pop music genre .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne is associated with johnny sansone .
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne ' s record label is alligator records .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel started his active years in 2009 .
andrew rayel ' s associated band is christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white is a member of the band marry banilow .
andrew white ' s record label is b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncón .
christian burns plays the guitar .
gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music .
the style of hip hop music is funk .
new wave is the musical style of indie rock .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records is distributed by sony music entertainment .
the blues are the musical genre of rock and roll .
synthpop is a style of pop music .
the inhabitants of the united kingdom are known as british people .
the density of the 19255 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 gram per square kilometer .
carl a . wirtanen is the discoverer of 29075 1950 da .
the absolute magnitude of 410777 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
410777 2009 fd has anapoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
66063 1998 ro1 hasapoapsis 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
66063 1998 ro1 was released on 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 piazzia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometre per second .
the 1913 oaa907 xc was the former name of the locomotive of 1001 gaussia .
the maximum temperature of 1006 gaussia is 165 . 0 kelvins .
101 helena has anapoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena was released on 31 december 2006 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kg .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 km / s .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
103 hera weighs 7 . 9 kilograms .
107 camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
107 camilla was discovered by a . storrs .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 days .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 kilometre per second .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31
1097 vicia has a rotation period of 95040 . 0 .
the discoverer of 109 felicitas is christian heinrich friedrich peters .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometre per second .
1101 clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was released on december 31 , 2006 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the purple heart was awarded to aaron s . daggett , who fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
the purple heart was awarded to aaron s . daggett for his battles at the battle of gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub who has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abubakar was born in minna and graduated from technical institute kaduna .
abdullalami abubakar was born in niger state and worked as chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
al - amin daggash was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulamid abubakar who served from 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulamid abubakar who is in office while vice president mike akhigbe is also in office .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii under commander joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army , which fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
adam koc was awarded the virtuti militari for his role in world war i .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
airey neave of the royal artillery was awarded the military cross .
airey neave ' s active years start on 1974 - 03 - 04 and he fought in the battle of france .
airey neave fought in the battle of france commanded by hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave fought in world war ii under commander franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave fought in world war ii under commander joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and served as a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain served as vice president under edmund j . davis and died in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a republican .
the provisional president of the argentine senate is alberto teisaire who was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the tyrol state .
the governor of north carolina was alfred moore scales who was succeeded by james w . reid .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked for the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states army , which fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur .
allan shivers , who was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur , was succeeded by ben ramsey .
the secretary of state of vermont was born on october 23rd , 1793 .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parker , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for the wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . città di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
the manager of al shorta sc is ahmad kadhim assad who plays for steel azin f . c .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the club ' s player is akeem adams .
the trinidad and tobago national football team ' s player is keem adams who plays for t & tec sports club .
the 39th pick of the 1971 nfl amateur draft was chosen by the new england patriots .
the 39th pick of the 1971 nfl amateur draft was chosen by the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born on september 27 , 1987 .
the connecticut huskies are the club of akeem priestley who plays for sheikh russel kc .
keem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al khor sports club .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who are managed by amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) played for leeds united fc and hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , who was born in tampere , finland , plays for the florida panthers .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the club ' s player is aleksandr chumakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . in the turkish basketball super league .
the conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba where alex plante was born .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the language is english .
the manager of fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki and the player is aleksandre guruli .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is the otkrytiye arena and the club ' s manager is aleksandr prudnikov .
keem priestley plays for rops who play in the veikkausliiga .
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is the palo seco velodrome and the club ' s player is akeem adams .
aaron deer , who plays the guitar , is in the genre of psychedelia .
the origin of aaron deer is indiana , united states .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and plays electronic music .
aaron turner is a singer - songwriter in the genre of avant - garde metal .
magik and kaliber 44 are both associated with abradab .
abradab was born in katowice on 12 november 1978 .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music which has the musical style of disco .
ace wilder , a singer , is a member of the warner music group .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is a member of the philips records label .
alan frew is in the genre of rock music which is a genre of bhangra music .
alan frew ' s rock music is influenced by country music .
bennie jones is in the genre of jazz which is influenced by the blues .
aleksandra kovac is a singer - songwriter in the pop music genre .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues which is the musical genre of blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s active years start in 1990 and she is in the genre soul music .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop which has the musical style of new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a singer in milonga music .
alfredo zitarrosa is a singer in the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is a zamba singer .
plastik mak and bajik are both associated with the artist , alison o ' donnell .
alison o ' donnell is a singer - songwriter from the genre of folk rock who was signed to the record label floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest is a hip hop singer .
andrew white is a christian alternative rock musician .
anders osborne and tab benoit are both associated with phil lesh and friends .
anders osborne is a singer - songwriter from the genre of rhythm and blues and his record label is ramash records .
anders osborne is in the rhythm and blues genre and his record label is shanachie records .
in 2000 , andra singer was active in pop music .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues which has the musical genre of blues .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with andrew rayel .
mark sixma and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with andrew rayel .
armin van buuren and jwaydan moyine are both associated with andrew rayel .
andrew white is a musician who plays alternative rock , which is a genre of new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq ) is a country music singer who uses the banjo as an instrument .
the record label polydor records is located in london and is represented by andrew white .
the velocity of the 19255 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 kilometre per second and theapoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the maximum temperature of 410777 2009 fd is 211 . 0 kelvins and theapoapsis is 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
410777 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 66063 1998 ro1 was 0 . 0999 km / s on 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the orbital period of 66391 1999 kw4 was 16244700 . 0 from 2004 - 07 - 14 .
the 66391 1999 kw4 has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 and began operation on 2004 - 07 - 14 .
james craig watson was the discoverer of 101 helena and died of peritonitis .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 kilometre per second and theapoapsis is 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in the german empire .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who is from germany .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died of peritonitis .
103 hera was discovered by canadian james craig watson .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , former name a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; was released on 26 november 2005 .
the temperature of 1089 tama is 179 . 0 kelvins and theapoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the periapsis is 279142000000 .
109 felicitas has an altitude of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas has a period of 47487 . 6 days from 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of 10 hygiea is 164 . 0 kelvins and itsapoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
the former name of 10 hygiea is a900 ga and the episode is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and was released on 31 december 2006 .
110 lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and began on december 31 , 2006 .
a - rosa luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
a - rosa luna was ordered on 22nd january 2004 and has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
aida cruises , located in germany , is the operator of aid astella .
aida cruises , located in rostock , is the operator of aid aluna .
aidaluna has a length of 252000 . 0 metres and a top speed of 40 . 744 .
aid was born on march 16th , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 , which has a diesel - electric transmission .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages .
the amc matador , built in 1974 , is an assembly plant in kenosha , wisconsin .
the amc matador was designed by richard a . teague who worked for chrysler .
the length of the ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 in argentina is 2000 . 0 millimetres .
the alfa romeo 164 , which has a similar mean of transportation to the saab 9000 , is made in milan .
the alfa romeo 164 is a similar mean of transportation to the fiat croma and is made in italy .
the lancia thema is a related mean of transportation to the alfa romeo 164 which is found in italy .
the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 is alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4387 . 0 cubic centimetre engine , a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox , all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel , and fully floating back axle .
the alvis speed 25 has a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox , all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel , and fully floating back axle .
american motors , the manufacturer of the eagle automobile , also manufactures the amc matador .
the mid - atlantic regional spaceport is the launch site of the antares rocket which was launched on january 9th , 2014 .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is from argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
airbus defence and space manufactures the ariane 5 which is launched from ela - 3 .
the airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence and space , the manufacturer of the ariane 5 .
the aston martin rham / 1 is a related mean of transportation to the aston martin v8 which is made in the uk .
the aston martin v8 , which is a successor to the aston martin virage , was manufactured by aston martin .
the aston martin v8 is the successor to the aston martin dbs and is a type of transport .
the aston martin v8 is a successor to the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin .
the final flight of atlas ii was on 1998 - 03 - 16 and has a diameter of 3 . 04 m .
the lockheed martin - made atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
the manufacturer of the audi a1 is the same company that manufactures the audi e - tron .
the manufacturer of the audi a1 is the company , which has a subsidiary called ducati .
the manufacturer of the audi a1 is quattro gmbh .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which manufactures aluna .
the antares rocket is similar to the delta ii which was launched from vandenberg air force base .
finland ' s leader is juha sipila and the country is the builder of the aleksey chirikov icebreaker .
the american submarine , the nr - 1 , was built by general dynamics , the parent company of general dynamics .
the a - rosa luna is powered by a mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 can be found .
born in maine , aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart for his role in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub who has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati ( sarawak ) party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from technical institute kaduna . he worked as chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
olusegun obasanjo was the vice president of the country . he was succeeded by abdulamid abubakar who was a member of the nigerian air force .
olusegun obasanjo was the vice president of the country . he was succeeded by abdulamid abubakar who was a member of the nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain . he worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
the spanish socialist workers ' party ' s abel caballero was born in galicia , spain .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army who fought in world war ii . the commander of the war was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district . he is a republican .
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war commanded by george h . w . bush .
the conservative party ' s adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
born in congress poland , adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which was commanded by leon trotsky .
leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war . adam koc fought in this war .
the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally is adonis georgiadis who was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as the minister for health .
the leader of new democracy ( greece ) is adonis georgiadis who is in office while prime minister antonis samaras . the party ' s colours are blue .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant was born and worked as a representative in the house of representatives .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a member of the socialist party .
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university in nijmegen . she worked as a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his active years on july 30th , 1953 and ended on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his active years on 1974 - 03 - 04 and ended on 1979 . 03 - 30 .
albert b . white was born on the 22nd of september , 1856 and died on the 3rd of july , 1941 .
william m . dawson was the successor of albert b . white who was born in marietta , ohio and was the spouse of agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain was born on staten island and died in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of the city of buenos aires where the governing body is the buenos aires city legislature and where alberto teisaire died .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the county of tyrol and died in graz .
albert e . austin was the successor of alfred n . phillips who was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
wilfred r . cousins , jr . was the successor of allan shivers who was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur .
burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont which is the location of the town of alvah sabin who died on march 3rd , 1857 .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd , 1793 and was a member of the whig party ( led by henry clay ) .
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party in the united states which is the party of alvah sabin who was born in georgia , vermont .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war . the commander of the war was abraham lincoln .
the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis and alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
the leader of austria is doris bures . alfred gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria .
the leader of austria is doris bures . alfred gorbach was born in the tyrol state and died in austria .
alfred gorbach died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
the battle of salem church was part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee and aaron s . daggett .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where ab klink was born in stellendam .
adam koc is from poland where the language is polish and the ethnic group is the kashubians .
the velocity of the 19255 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 kilometre per second . it has a mass of 5 . 6 kg and anapoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
the orbital period of 410777 ( 2009 fd ) is 39447000 . 0 and the periapsis is 88234300000 . 0 . it was discovered by spacewatch .
66063 1998 ro1 has a maximum temperature of 500 . 0 kelvins and a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees celsius . it has anapoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
the average speed of the 66391 1999 kw4 is 37 . 16 km / s and the density is 2 . 0 gram per square kilometer . the opa is 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 494160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 in 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1913 oaa907 xc is the former name of the ship , which has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres and was launched on 27th june 2015 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an oapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km / s .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who is from germany and studied at the university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who discovered 103 hera , died in madison , wisconsin on august 27th , 2011 .
james craig watson was the discoverer of 103 hera and died in madison , wisconsin of peritonitis .
103 hera has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and anapoapsis of437170000 . 0 km .
103 hera has an oapoapsis of437170000 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 km / s .
born in nottingham , england , n . r . pogson was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and began on 2005 - 11 - 26 .
on 2005 - 11 - 26 , 1089 tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 km and anapoapsis 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the 1097 vicia , formerly known as 1928 pc , has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and was released on 31 december 2006 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and anapoapsis of 523329000 . 0 .
10 hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometre per second .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometre per second .
the surface area of 10 hygiea is 837080 . 744 square kilometres and the temperature is 164 . 0 kelvins .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and a periapsis of377016000000 . 0 in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 km and anapoapsis 440756000 km . it is in the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the song suburban legends is a pop song by aaron bertram , who is attached to the band kids imagine nation .
the american , aaron deer , is in the genre of indie rock and was born in indiana .
the american , aaron deer , is in the genre of psychedelia and was born in indiana .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the black metal band greymachine .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the greymachine . he also plays in the drone music genre .
aaron turner is a member of the band mamiffer and is also in the twilight band . he is in the genre of ambient music .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar in black metal which is a genre of death metal .
aaron turner , who sings , is a member of the black metal genre , which is a genre of death metal .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 and is a member of the magik and kaliber 44 musical groups .
magik and kaliber 44 are both associated with abradab , who was born in katowice .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music , which has the musical origins of funk and disco .
juan afara is the leader of paraguay where agustin barboza was born in asuncion .
al anderson is a member of the rock band , nrbq , and sings .
alan frew is a singer - songwriter from the genre of rock music , which has the musical genre of country music and is a variation of bhangra music .
bennie jones is in the genre of jazz which has the musical genre of afrobeat and is influenced by blues .
bennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi , is in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of disco .
the k2 kovac sisters duo and bebi dol are both associated with the pop music artist , aleksandra kovac .
kornelije kovac and bebi dol are both associated with the pop music artist , aleksandra kovac .
kristina kovac and aleksandra kovac are members of the k2 kovac sisters duo .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop which is a variation of pop music and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester ( led by the labour party ) and died in sidcup .
boris johnson is the leader of london where alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
flibbertigibbet and mellow candle are both associated with the irish singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell .
mellow candle and flibbertigibbet are both associated with the singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , who is in the genre of folk music .
alison o ' donnell is a singer - songwriter who plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp . jazz is a genre of music that is similar to funk .
alison o ' donnell is a singer - songwriter from the genre of jazz , which is a genre of funk and is represented by the record label , static caravan recordings .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and is a singer .
allen forrest ( born in dothan , alabama ) is a singer - songwriter in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew white is a musician in the genre of alternative rock , which is a genre of new wave and nu metal .
tab benoit and billy iuso are both associated with anders osborne and kirk joseph .
anders osborne is a singer - songwriter from the genre of rock music and the music genre of bhangra . he has a record label called radash records .
andra is a dance - pop song by puya and crbl .
marius moga and andreea balan are both associated with andra singer who is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( solo singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of disco .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both members of the band andrew rayel which is in the genre of trance music .
jonathan mendelsohn and bobina are both members of the band andrew rayel , who is in the genre of trance music .
jwaydan moyine and christian burns are both associated with the house music genre .
marry banilow and the kaiser chiefs are both associated with andrew white , who was a member of the universal records , now defunct record label .
aaron bertram is a member of the suburban legends and plays in the genre of ska punk .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where bennie jones was born in errata , mississippi .
dodge coronet is a 1955 dodge with a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
a - rosa luna is a cruise ship that was ordered on 22nd january 2004 and has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
a - rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres , a top speed of 24 . 0 and a ship displacement of 1850 . 0 tonnes .
aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is located in germany and operates aida astella .
aidastella has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres and was christened on the 16th of march , 2013 and was in service on the 17th .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
alv x - 1 is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the inhabitants are known as americans .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the alv x - 1 was invented .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages . it has 1 total launch .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe , a coupe with a straight - four engine , was produced in 1958 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a 2160 . 0 millimetre wheelbase and a 1 . 55 km long body style .
the ship was built by arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has a length of 21 . 2 .
the fiat croma is a type of transport found in italy , where the capital is rome .
the italian capital is rome and the country is the location of the alfa romeo 164 which is a type of transport similar to lancia thema .
the fiat croma and lancia thema are related means of transportation for the alfa romeo 164 which is made in arese .
the fiat croma and saab 9000 are related means of transportation for the alfa romeo 164 which was built in milan .
alhambra has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8 . 3 m . it was launched on may 31st , 1855 .
alhambra was launched on may 31st , 1855 and has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m and is now wrecked .
the alvis speed 25 is a petrol engine manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors who manufactured the eagle and the amc matador .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket , which is similar to the delta ii , which originates from the united states .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which is a medium expendable launch system . it is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport ( launch pad 0 ) .
the guiana space centre is the location of the launch site of the ariane 5 , which was manufactured by arianespace .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3l engine , is a variant of the aston martin dbs and is made in newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is manufactured in the uk and is related to the aston martin dbs .
the united states is the origin of the space program , which was launched at cape canaveral air force station and vandenberg air force base .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the origin of the book " atlas ii " .
the united states is the origin of the nasa operated space program . the space program has two sites : cape canaveral air force station and the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the body style of the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 litres engine , is " hatchback " . it is manufactured in the audi brussels plant .
the volkswagen polo and the seat ibiza are both related to the audi a1 which was manufactured by the company .
aid aluna is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises own aid aluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois .
aida cruises is the operator of astella which is owned by costa crociere who is located in genoa .
the united states is the origin of the antares rocket which is similar to the delta ii which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the guiana space centre is located in french guiana and is the location of the ariane 5 .
the guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana and is the location of the ariane 5 .
a - rosa luna was the builder of the neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the demonym for people living there is americans . the country is the origin of the book atlas ii .
sv werder bremen and vfl wolfsburg are the clubs of aaron hunt who played for the youth club goslarer sc 08 .
the manager of vfl wolfsburg is dieter hecking and the player aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez played for the youth club central espanol and now plays for u . s . città di palermo and hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and u . s . città di palermo . he now plays for penarol .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
the w connection f . c . player , keem adams , plays for united petrotrin fc who have their ground in palo seco .
the 39th pick of the 1971 nfl amateur draft was chosen by the los angeles rams in the second round .
the 39th pick of the 1971 nfl amateur draft was from the st . louis rams .
the atlanta falcons drafted kekeem dent , who was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground in al khor .
alan martin ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) played for both hamilton academical f . c . and clyde fc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for accrington stanley f . c . whose ground is in accrington . he previously played for motherwell fc .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland on the 2nd of september 1995 . he plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland on the 2nd of september 1995 . he was drafted by the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar are the clubs of aleksandr prudnikov who was born on the 24th of february 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football b team .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and is attached to the azal pfk club . the ground of the club is called parc olympique loulonnais .
the ground of olympique lyonnais is called parc olympique . the club is affiliated with the us lesquin club .
the manager of a . c . milan is sinisa mihajlovic . alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under - 16 football team .
the manager of a . c . milan is sinisa mihajlovic . alessio romagnoli is attached to the club and plays for u . c sampdoria .
a . s . roma ' s alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under - 16 football team whose coach is daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , plays for u . c . sampdoria and the italy national under - 17 football team .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 1 . 9304 and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has a height of 1 . 9304 and plays for anyang halla .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . who play in the euroleague .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . who play in the turkish basketball super league .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is the otkrytiye arena . the club is managed by aleksandr prudnikov who played for fc tom tomsk .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is the otkrytiye arena . the club ' s youth club is fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov , played in the russian premier league in the 2014 - 15 season . their manager is aleksandr chumakov .
the manager of hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce . abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow where aleksandr chumakov was born . he died in russia .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis . abner is a footballer who played for brazil national under - 20 football team .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis and the footballer abner is attached to the club and plays for c . d . fas .
alex tyus was born in st louis , which is part of greater st . louis and is lead by francis g slay .
the tennessee titans , who are based in nashville , tennessee , are the debut team for akeem ayers , who played for the new england patriots .
the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team ' s player is keem adams who plays for united petrotrin fc who have their ground at palo seco .
the manager of sv werder bremen ii , who play in the 3 liga league , is alexander nouri . the club ' s player is aaron hunt .
the manager of hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce . the club is managed by abel hernandez who played for penarol and is attached to the youth club central espanol .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . the club is affiliated with the u . s . città di palermo and also plays for central espanol .
the manager of u . s . città di palermo , who play in serie a , is giuseppe iachini . the club ' s youth club is penarol .
adam mcquaid was born on 10 / 12 / 1986 in prince edward island . he weighs 94 . 8024 kg .
don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins who drafted adam mcquaid from columbus , ohio .
the tennessee titans drafted akeem ayers from the st . louis rams on july 10th , 1989 .
the houston texans ' former player , keem dent , was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia .
the former houston texans player , keem dent , was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he played for the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and al kharaitiyat sc . the latter club is managed by amar osim and their ground is in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for the iraq national under - 23 football team and manages al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is in the shabab al - ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground in al khor . their manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( born on 1989 - 01 - 01 ) is a footballer who played for both hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra fc . he is 185 . 42 centimetres tall .
alan martin was born on january 1st , 1989 . he is a member of the scotland national under - 21 football team and plays for crewe alexandra f . c . he has a height of 185 . 42 centimetres .
fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow are the clubs of aleksandr prudnikov who was born on the 24th of february 1989 . he is 185 . 0 centimetres tall .
fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan are both managed by aleksandr prudnikov who was born on the 24th of february 1989 . he is 185 . 0 centimetres tall .
fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni are both managed by aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi and has a height of 178 . 0 centimeters .
alex plante was born on the 09th of may , 1989 in canada . he was a member of the club anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 . he has a height of 1 . 9304 and plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the anthem is o canada and the leader is elizabeth ii . one of the languages spoken in canada is inuktitut .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where the national anthem is o canada and one of the ethnic groups are the asian canadians . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where the national anthem is o canada and the language is the slavey . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov . the club ' s ground is in moscow and the club has played for fc kuban krasnodar .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the chairman is aleksandr tukmanov . the club played in the russian premier league in the 2014 - 15 season .
the houston texans are based in houston , texas . their former team was the atlanta falcons .
the manager of hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce . they play in the uruguayan primera division and have had abel hernandez as their youth player .
in 2006 - 12 - 31 , the vk8 had an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and anapoapsis of 254989570 . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 kilometre per second and was launched on 2013 - 11 - 04 .
66063 1998 ro1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days , a mean temperature of 265 . 0 kelvins , and anapoapsis of 254989570 .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 494160 . 0 , a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometre per second .
sergey belyavsky was the discoverer of the ship , which has the former name of 1923 oaa907 xc and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in the german empire . he attended the university of gottingen and was the doctoral student of allan sandage .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in preussisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was the doctoral student of halton arp .
walter baade was a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany .
james craig watson , who attended the university of michigan , was the discoverer of 103 hera and died in madison , wisconsin of peritonitis .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera which has an apapis of437170000 . 0 kilometres .
james craig watson , a canadian , was the discoverer of 103 hera and died in madison , wisconsin of peritonitis .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla which has a periapsis of 497343000 . 0 kilometres .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla which was discovered on 2001 - 03 - 01 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometre per second .
the 1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kilograms , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and anapoapsis of 511592000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometre per second .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and anapoapsis of 520906000 . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second and was discovered on 31 december 2006 .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second .
the 1955 dodge , manufactured by dodge , has a 120 . 0 inches wheelbase , a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
the 1955 dodge is a related mean of transportation to the desoto custom , which is a car manufactured by desotos and is a successor to the desoto firedome .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere .
aida cruises is the operator of aidastella which is owned by costa crociere and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres . the ship was built by meyer werft .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a v12 engine .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york , united states . they built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 with 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
the american motors matador ( amc matador ) is a station wagon with an amc v8 engine and is made in mexico city .
the amc matador ( alternatively known as vam classic ) is a mid - size car from kenosha , wisconsin with an amc straight - 6 engine .
the honda k engine is the engine of the acura tlx which is a mid - size car in marysville , ohio .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle with a front - engine design and a v6 engine . it is manufactured at the marysville auto plant .
constructed by arctech helsinki shipyard in finland , the aleksey chirikov icebreaker has a ship beam of 21 . 2 and is in service .
finland ' s leader is juha sipila and the people are known as finns . the country is the builder of the icebreaker aleksey chirikov which was built in helsinki .
the aleksey chirikov icebreaker , built by arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki , has a ship beam of 21 . 2 and is in service .
the alfa romeo 164 , which has a straight - four engine , is made in italy . it is related to the saab 9000 and lancia thema .
the fiat croma and saab 9000 are related means of transportation . the alfa romeo 164 , which has a v6 engine , was built in italy .
the ship alhambra was launched on may 31st , 1855 and is now wrecked . it has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8 . 3 m .
the alvis speed 25 is a petrol engine manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and was succeeded by the rovers company .
the alvis speed 25 , which has a straight - six engine , was manufactured by the alvis car and engineering company , which was founded in coventry and was succeeded by the rovers company .
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors which is the manufacturer of the amc matador and the eagle ( automotive ) . the company is now owned by chrysler .
the american submarine was built by general dynamics electric boat and launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
the american submarine was launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 and has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
the yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares rocket which was launched on 21 april 2013 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport at launch pad 0 . the rocket ' s final flight was on 28 october 2014 .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares rocket which was launched on april 21 , 2013 and its final flight was on september 18 , 2013 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the aston martin v8 , a successor to the aston martin virage , is manufactured by aston martin in the uk . the capital of the uk is london .
the aston martin v8 is a 5 . 3l v8 engine from the united kingdom . it is related to both the aston martin dbs and aston martin rham / 1 .
the aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is a related mean of transportation to the aston martin dbs . it was manufactured by aston martin and is the successor to the previous aston martin virage .
the 3 . 04 m diameter atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station on 2002 - 12 - 05 .
the audi a1 is a supermini with a 1 . 2 - litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . it is manufactured in audi brussels .
the manufacturer of the audi a1 is the company founded by august horch and has a subsidiary called ducati . the division of the company is the audi e - tron .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california and is located in illinois .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere who is located in genoa .
the united states is the origin of the antares rocket which is similar to the delta ii . the antares is launched from cape canaveral air force station and the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the united states is the origin of the antares rocket which is similar to the delta ii . the delta ii is launched from vandenberg afb and cape canaveral air force station .
the opel vectra and the fiat croma are related means of transportation . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan car from italy .
the opel vectra and the fiat croma are related means of transportation . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan car from milan .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut . the company is the builder of the american submarine , which has a 3 . 8 m shipbeam .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the country is the origin of the book " atlas ii " .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the origin of the book " atlas ii " .
aaron bertram is a member of the band suburban legends along with brian robertson ( trombonist ) . he is also attached to the band kids imagine nation and plays in the genre of ska punk .
aaron deer ( born in indianapolis ) is a singer - songwriter in the genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is a member of the sumac band and the isis band . he sings and plays electronic music .
aaron turner , a post - metal artist , was in the twilight band and played for old man gloom in 1995 .
aaron turner is in the sumac band and plays the electric guitar . he is a member of black metal which is a genre of death metal .
ace wilder was born on 23rd july 1982 in stockholm . he was a singer .
ace wilder was born on 23rd july 1982 in sweden . he is a singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 and is a songwriter .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he is a songwriter .
ahmet erteğlu was born in washington , d . c . in the united states . he is a non performing musician who is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where ahmet erteğlu was born . he wrote the song rock and roll which was influenced by the blues .
bennie jones was active in 1950 .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where bennie jones was born . he is a musician in the genre of jazz which is influenced by the blues .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade in 1972 . she is a pop singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues .
charlie mcdonnell and alex day are both members of the chameleon circuit and are in the acoustic music genre . they started their active years in 2006 .
charlie mcdonnell is a member of the chameleon circuit and the electronic music artist alex day , who was active in 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
alfred zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where daniel martinez is the leader . the people of uruguay are known as uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was born in uruguay , is a singer - songwriter in the genre candombe . he is a member of the rca records label .
bajik and flibbertigibbet are both associated with the singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , who was active in 1963 and plays folk music .
head south by weaving and mellow candle are both associated with the singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , who was active in 1963 and plays folk music .
the jazz artist , alison o ' donnell , is a member of the record label , deram records , which is located in london and is affiliated with the label , floating world records .
alison o ' donnell , a jazz singer , is a member of the fruit de mer records record label , which is located in london .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 and is a singer - songwriter .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he is a hip hop artist and a singer .
andrew white is a member of the band marry banilow and plays alternative rock which is a genre of nu metal and punk rock .
billy iuso and tab benoit are both associated with anders osborne , who plays rock music .
alligator records , located in chicago , is a blues record label owned by anders osborne , who has previously worked for shanachie records .
the singer andra was born in romania and sings dance - pop .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is influenced by funk and blues .
christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn are both associated with andrew rayel , who is a singer - songwriter in the genre of trance and started his active years in 2009 .
jwaydan moyine and christian burns are both members of the band andrew rayel which is in the genre of house music .
the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow are both associated with the alternative rock musician andrew white who has been active since 2003 .
the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow are both associated with andrew white , who has been active since 2003 and is a member of the universal records defunct record label .
juan afara is the leader of paraguay where agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asunción .
the banjo is an instrument in country music which is the genre of al anderson and the wildweeds .
allen forrest is the creator of hip hop music , which is a genre influenced by drum and bass and funk .
the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) . the city is part of greater manchester and is the birthplace of alfred garth jones who was born in england .
aaron turner is a member of the house of low culture and the twilight band . he is in the genre of post - metal and uses the cello as an instrument .
aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar , is a member of the black metal band , which is a genre of death metal .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where bennie jones was born . he is a songwriter in the genre of rhythm and blues which is a variation of blues .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart for his role in the battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended the erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he worked for the ministry of health , welfare and sport .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and resides in kuching , asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in the region of asajaya . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdul taib mahmud is the leader of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak . he was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawk . his successor is adenan satem .
the leader of sarawak is abdul taib mahmud who is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . his predecessor was adenan satem who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar who is the vice president . the nigerian army is the military branch of the government .
oladipo diya and al - amin daggash were the previous leaders of the nigerian air force . the current chief of staff is abdulamid abubakar who served as vice president .
felipe gonzález was the prime minister and the monarch of spain , who was preceded by francisco franco . the monarch was born in galicia , spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party and worked as minister of transport .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he is a us national and his wife is casey .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and started his active years on 05 / 05 / 2005 .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . the polish language is spoken in poland and the commander of the war was joseph stalin .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . he died in new york city .
the vice - president of new democracy , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens , greece . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked for the ministry of economy development and tourism , greece and was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as a member of the hellenic parliament and was succeeded by makis voridis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is emile roemer .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , a member of the socialist party , worked as a representative in the house of representatives .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the leader party is the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a dutch national who is a member of the socialist party ( led by emile roemer ) . the party ' s colours are red .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the battle of france . he was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in the battle of france . he was active from 1974 to 1979 .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery in hohne who fought in world war ii under commander chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
william m . dawson was the successor of albert b . white who was born in cleveland on the 4th of march , 1901 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken . he fought in the american civil war , commanded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war where the commander was jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico .
horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the justicialist party ' s leader is alberto teisaire . he was in office while president juan peron and died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina and served as governor of north carolina . he was succeeded by daniel gould fowle and is a member of the democratic party .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was in the united states army and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
the democratic party ' s alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and is a member of the democratic party . he served as mayor of stamford , connecticut , and was succeeded by albert e . austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and is a member of the democratic party . he served as governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel .
the democratic party ' s allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served as governor of texas . he was succeeded by wilfred r . cousins jr .
vermont ' s largest city is burlington and the secretary of state of vermont is alvah sabin who is from the 3rd congressional district .
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party which is the party of vermont where the largest city is burlington . the party is the home to the politician , alvah sabin , who is from vermont .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war , where aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart for his battles at the battle of gettysburg .
juan peron is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) . the language spoken in the country is spanish and the leader is called alberto teisaire .
born in mendoza , argentina , alberto teisaire was the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) . he was succeeded by isaac rojas and served as president .
aida cruises , which is located in germany , is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc .
aida cruises operates aidastella which was built by meyer werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres . it has a top speed of 38 . 892 and a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a four - stroke engine with 12 cylinders .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres , 12 cylinders and a v12 engine .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the national anthem is the star - spangled banner . the country is the origin of the alv x - 1 .
the american motors matador is a mid - size car with a body style of station wagon and an amc v8 engine . it is manufactured in thames , new zealand .
alhambra is owned by the p & o company which is located in london . it was built by the samuda brothers and has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m and a power type of humphrys tennant and dykes .
roy d chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors which is a subsidiary of wheel horse and is the manufacturer of the amc matador . the company was succeeded by eagle and later by chrysler .
the american submarine ( nr - 1 ) was launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 and has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
the united states is the origin of the antares rocket , which is similar to the delta ii . the antares is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport , which has the minotaur iv as an associated rocket .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares rocket which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched on 28 october 2014 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport at launch pad 0 .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares rocket which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched on october 28 , 2014 .
airbus defence and space manufactured the 5 . 4 metres long ariane 5 which was launched on 11th august 2005 from the guiana space centre . the final flight was on 18th november 2009 .
the location of arianespace in courcouronnes is the guiana space centre in french guiana . they are the operators of the ela - 3 which is the launch site for ariane 5 .
the aston martin v8 is a 5 . 3 - litre engine manufactured by aston martin in newport pagnell . it is related to the aston martin dbs , which is the successor to the aston martin vantage .
the aston martin v8 has a body style of coupe and an engine of 5 . 3 litres . it is manufactured by newport pagnell and is related to the aston martin dbs and aston martin rham / 1 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin . it is a related mean of transportation to aston martin dbs and is the successor to the previous aston martin virage .
the audi a1 is a supermini with a 1 . 2 - litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . it was built in brussels , belgium and has the body style of a hatchback .
the manufacturer of the audi a1 is the company founded by august horch . they have a division called the audi e - tron and are owned by both lamborghini and ducati .
aida cruises own aidaluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california , united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is the owner of aida cruises in rostock .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the company ' s key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
aida cruises is the operator of aida astella , which was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc . the company is located in genoa .
the finnish people are known as finns and the leader is juha sipila . the language spoken in finland is sami . the country is the builder of the aleksey chirikov icebreaker which was built by arctech helsinki shipyard .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken . the country is the origin of the book " atlas ii " .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . the youth club is in the u . s . città di palermo league and the club plays in the central espanol league of the uruguayan segunda division .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the player is aleksandr chumakov who played for the soviet union national football team . he died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny . the club ' s ground is at parc olympique lyonnais where the chairman is jean - michel aulas .
the manager of a . c . milan , who play in serie a , is sinisa mihajlovic . alessio romagnoli is a defender who played for u . c sampdoria .
the manager of a . c . milan is sinisa mihajlovic and the chairman is silvio berlusconi . alessio romagnoli , who played for the italy national under - 17 football team , is attached to the club and plays for u . c sampdoria .
the manager of u . s . città di palermo is giuseppe iachini . the club plays in the uruguayan segunda division . the player is abel hernandez who played for the uruguay national football team and now plays for central espanol .
the manager of fc amkar perm is gadzhi gadzhiyev and the club ' s ground is the otkrytiye arena . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov . the club ' s ground is in moscow and their chairman is sergey rodionov .
the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov . the club ' s ground is in groznny and their youth club is fc spartak moscow . they have also played for fc dynamo moscow .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov . the club played in the russian premier league in the 2014 - 15 season . their player is aleksandr chumakov , who was born in the soviet union and played for the ussr national football team .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the chairman is gabor kubatov . the club ' s ground is in palo seco and the player is keem adams .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the chairman is gabor kubatov . the club ' s ground is the palo seco velodrome and the player is keem adams .
the 19255 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kg , an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , and a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he attended the university of michigan and was the discoverer of 101 helena which was discovered on august 15th , 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was a student at the university of michigan and was the discoverer of 101 helena .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in the german empire . he attended the university of gottingen and was the doctoral student of allan sandage .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in the german empire . he graduated from the university of gottingen and is the doctoral student of halton arp and allan sandage .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade , a german national who was born in the german empire . he attended the university of gottingen and was the doctoral student of allan sandage .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he attended the university of michigan . he was the discoverer of 103 hera which was discovered on september 7th , 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he attended the university of michigan and was the discoverer of 103 hera which has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 km .
107 camilla was discovered by b . zellner on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by c . woods on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by f . vilas on december 31 , 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
england national n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres with an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometre per second .
1101 clematis has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an opa of 520906000 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second .
11264 claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins , and anapoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21 , 1936 in asajaya , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and resides in kuching .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was succeeded by adenan satem who attended the university of adelaide .
oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar , who served as vice president .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulipo diya , who was the vice president . the nigerian army was the military branch of the government , which lasted until 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party and served as governor of connecticut .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he was a member of the democratic party and worked as the united states secretary of health education and welfare .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national and had a wife called casey .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the grenadier guards and worked as a member of parliament for gravesham . his active years start on 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and is in the military branch of the grenadier guards . his active years start on 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he served as prime minister while konstantinos mitsotakis was the leader . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the party is the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the country is the home of agnes kant who worked as a representative in the house of representatives .
mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders in the netherlands where agnes kant is a national . she has a residence in doesburg and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile roemer .
albert b . white was born on september 22 , 1856 and died on july 3 , 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was the son of agnes ward white and william m . o . dawson .
the governor of west virginia , albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in 1905 . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson and his wife was agnes ward white .
the republican party ' s albert b . white was born in cleveland on the 4th of march , 1901 . he was the successor to william m . o . dawson and his active years start on the 04th of april , 1905 .
horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the labour party ( argentina ) ' s leader is juan peron , who is the son of eva peron and served as president . he died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on the 20th of may , 1891 . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alfred gorbach was born in imst , tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
vermont ' s largest city is burlington and the state is the location of the 3rd congressional district . it is also the home of the politician , alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois on march 3rd , 1857 .
albany , vermont is the largest city in vermont , where the 3rd congressional district is located . the state is the birthplace of the politician , alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois .
the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war , which was commanded by jefferson davis . it was fought in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis and one of the battles was the siege of petersburg . alfred moore scales was from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
juan peron is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) and is the spouse of eva peron . the language spoken in argentina is spanish and the country is lead by president alberto teisaire .
aaron bertram is a member of the band suburban legends and plays for kids imagine nation . he is also the trombonist for the band ska punk which is a genre of punk rock .
aaron deer is a singer - songwriter from indiana , united states . he is also a member of the band wee giant and is in the genre of indie rock .
old man gloom and the lotus eaters are both associated with aaron turner , who was born in the united states and is a member of the black metal genre . he has been active since 1995 .
aaron turner , who was born in massachusetts , is a member of the twilight and the lotus eaters . he is in the sludge metal genre and his active years start in 1995 .
abradab was born in poland on november 12th , 1978 in katowice . he is a member of the magik and kaliber 44 musical groups .
ace wilder was born on the 23rd of july , 1982 in sweden . he is a singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on 23rd july 1982 . he is a songwriter and a singer .
ace wilder is in hip hop music which is a subgenre of gangsta rap . the genre is influenced by disco and funk .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is a member of the hip hop music genre .
al anderson ( born in windsor , connecticut ) is a member of the rock band , the wildweeds . the band ' s active years start in 1966 .
al anderson ( guitar ) is a member of the band , nrbq . the band ' s genre is rock music which has the musical genre of country music and is influenced by the music genre , bhangra .
alan frew was born in newmarket , ontario , canada . he was a singer and a musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a singer and songwriter .
kornelije kovac and aleksandra kovac are both members of the k2 kovac sisters duo .
alfred garth jones was an english national who was born in manchester in 1872 . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . london is lead by boris johnson and the european parliament .
the leader of london is the european parliament . alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
flibbertigibbet and mellow candle are both associated with the irish singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , who was active in 1963 and has a record label called floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a singer - songwriter who is a member of the stanyan records record label in london . she is in the genre of jazz , which is a genre of funk .
the autoharp is an instrument used by singer - songwriter alison o ' donnell . she is a member of the jazz genre , which is influenced by afrobeat and funk .
the african american singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a singer and songwriter .
anders osborne ' s active years start in 1989 and he is a member of the band galactic and the band voice of the wetlands all - stars .
billy iuso and anders osborne are both members of the band galactic , while tab benoit is a member of the same band .
andra singer was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality television judge and a singer .
the romanian singer andra , who was born in 1986 , is a songwriter and singer .
armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , and alexandra badoi are all associated with the band andrew rayel , who is in the genre of pop music .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) is a member of the christian burns and armin van buuren ' s band . he is in the genre of trance and his active years start in 2009 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his active years in 2009 . he is a member of the band bobina and jwaydan moyine .
john digweed and christian burns are both associated with jwaydan moyine , who plays the string instrument .
the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow are both associated with andrew white , who has been active since 2003 . he is a member of the b - unique records and polydor records .
allen forrest , who was born in fort campbell , is the creator of hip hop music .
allen forrest , who was born in 1981 , is in the hip hop genre .
the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom . alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and the language spoken is spanish . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the mestizo .
andrew white is a singer - songwriter from the genre of alternative rock . he is a member of the b - unique records label and is attached to the record label polydor records in london .
andrew white is a singer - songwriter from the genre of alternative rock , which is a genre of nu metal . he is a member of the polydor records record label which is located in london and was previously part of the universal records defunct record label .
al anderson ( guitar ) is a member of the rock band , rock music , which is a genre of bhangra and country music . country music is influenced by blues .
al anderson ( nrbq ) is a member of the rock music genre , which has the musical genre of bhangra and is influenced by country music and blues . banjo is an instrument in country music .
aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar , is a member of the twilight band and also plays for old man gloom . black metal is a genre of death metal .
alfred zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where spanish is spoken and the leaders are raul fernando sendic rodriguez and daniel martinez .
