The city of Abilene , Texas is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
18L / 36R is the runway name of the Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport .
SBCT is the ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport .
The city of Curitiba is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
The city of Fallujah is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of the Alderney Airport .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360 . 12 .
The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18 .
Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport has a 5th runway surface type of asphalt .
06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' is the runway name of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Andrews County Airport has an elevation of 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
Andrews County , Texas is the owner of the Andrews County Airport .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896 . 0 .
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt .
Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Flemish Government is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439 . 0 .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of the Ashgabat International Airport .
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of the Atlantic City International Airport .
13 / 31 is the runway name of the Atlantic City International Airport .
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium .
Curitiba is part of Parana State in South Region in Brazil .
Danes are the people who live in Denmark .
Fallujah is located in the country of Iraq .
Greenville , Wisconsin is located in the U . S .
Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq .
Madrid is located in the country of Spain .
Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of United States .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the name of the leader of Pakistan .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which serves REGIONERVed , has its headquarters in New York .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
The 1986 United States bombing of Libya is one of the battles of the United States Air Force .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is Artur Rasizade .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is called the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Tudor and Jacobean .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler .
320 South Boston Building ' s building start date was in 1910 .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has a total of 814 rooms .
Adare Manor was designed by the architect James Pain and George Richard Pain , .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
The owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall is College of William & Mary .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan .
The architecture style of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City .
Buffalo , New York is part of Erie County , New York .
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
County Limerick is part of the Munster .
Dublin ' s leader is called Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
Mulatu Teshome is the name of the leader of Ethiopia .
Indian people are the people who live in India .
Julia Morgan is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and other significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
The location of the Live Nation Entertainment is Beverly Hills , California .
Manhattan is part of Essex County in New York .
New Netherland is part of New York City .
Pacific Grove , California , is part of the state .
White South African are one of the ethnic groups in South Africa .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in hardcover .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom .
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is OCLL_NUMBER .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is written in the English language .
' A Wizard of Mars ' was written by Diane Duane .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number of " 0025 - 5858 " .
' Above the Veil ' was written by Garth Nix .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number of " 0567 - 7920 " .
93645978 is the LCCN number of Addiction ( journal ) .
Addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction .
Aenir is written in the English language .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language .
American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics .
Castle is written in the English language and is located in England .
Eric Flint ' s birth place is Burbank , California .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
The novel A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work by John Cowper Powys .
Soho Press is located in the country of United States .
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States of America .
The English language is the language of the United States .
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Weymouth Sands .
Rolando Maran is the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is in the league , Salvadoran Primera División .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is " Association Football Club Blackpool " .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan .
AEK Athens F . C . played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
The AZAL Arena is located in Baku .
AZAL PFK is in the league , Azerbaijan Premier League .
AZ Alkmaar played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
Akron , Ohio is in the country of the United States .
Akron , Ohio is located in the Summit County , Ohio .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is " Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault " .
Amsterdam ' s leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
Christian Panucci is attached to the club SSD Potenza Calcio .
Christian Panucci is attached to the club SSD Potenza Calcio .
Frank de Boer is attached to the club FC Barcelona .
Gubbio is located in the Umbria region .
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy .
Jens Härtel is part of the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is attached to the club CD Aguila .
Luciano Spalletti is attached to the club Udinese Calcio .
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 .
Michele Marcolini is attached to the club Atalanta B . C . .
Michele Marcolini is attached to the club Vicenza Calcio .
Peter Stöger is attached to the club 1 . FC Koln .
Rolando Maran is a member of the Calcio Cantania .
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is located in the United States .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba .
B . M . Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Kerala has Mahé , India to its northwest .
The neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride .
Romania ' s capital is Bucharest .
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a student population of 16000 .
Alan Bean is from the United States .
Apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S .
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 .
Benitoite is a gemstone found in the California state of California .
Elliot See passed away on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Elliot See ' s status is " retired " .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman .
Bananaman is broadcasted by BBC .
Ben Urich ' s full name is Benjamin Urich .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
Bibbo Bibbowski ' s full name is Bo Bibbowski .
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire .
Jon Valor , also known as Amazing - Man ' s alter ego , is a comic character .
John Buscema has been awarded the Eisner Award .
American Karl Kesel is a national of the Americans .
Marv Wolfman has been awarded the Kirby Award .
Peter Laird is an American and was involved in the film Big Hero 6 .
Northbrook , Illinois is the birthplace of Steven T Seagle who wrote the book " Big Hero 6 " .
The area code of Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) is 229 .
Albany , Oregon is part of the United States .
The title of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the Mayor .
The title of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives .
The title of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate .
Amarillo , Texas has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the Randall County , Texas .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Angola , Indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
925 is the area code of Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) .
Antioch , California is part of the Contra Costa County , California .
Arlington , Texas has a population density of 914 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlantic City in New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the New Jersey .
Attica , Indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
Auburn , Alabama is part of the Lee County , Alabama .
Auburn , Washington has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Austin , Texas is part of the Texas .
The Spanish language is a language found in California .
Dunwoody , Georgia is the largest city in DeKalb County , Georgia .
Fulton County , Georgia is located in the U . S .
Anderson , Indiana is the county seat of Madison County , which is in Indiana .
Michigan is located in the U . S .
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan .
Orange County , California is located in the U . S .
Portland , Oregon is the largest city in Oregon .
Fort Worth , Texas is the largest city in Tarrant County , Texas .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States .
The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington , D . C .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in the dish Amatriciana sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in the dish Arrabbiata sauce .
White rice is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre .
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia .
Arròs negre is a food found in Valencian Community .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore .
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT .
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong .
Bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the country of Colombian cuisine .
Chicharrón is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Paisa Region .
Barny Cakes is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Batagor and Shumai are both variations of the same dish .
The main ingredients of Batagor are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Shrimp is an ingredient in the dish Batchoy .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish made with vegetables .
Taro is an ingredient in the dish Binignit .
Bionico and Cottage cheese are both variations of the same dish .
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco .
The class of chicken that is eaten in China is Bird .
The currency of India is the Indian rupee .
Sumitra Mahajan is the name of the leader of India .
Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia .
Aristóteles Sandoval is the name of Jalisco ' s leader .
Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java .
Malaysian Malay is one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the name of the leader of Mexico .
Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in New York .
Shumai is found in the country of China .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay .
Malays ( ethnic group ) is one of the ethnic groups on Sumatra .
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , which has Frederick , Maryland as its nearest city .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , located in Azerbaijan , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is also known by the native name Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the country of United States where Akron , Ohio , is located .
Albany , Oregon is part of Oregon which has the capital of Springfield as its capital .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is known as the United States House of Representatives , and is located in United States .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Texas in the U . S . A .
Anaheim , California is part of California and is lead by the United States House of Representatives .
Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California in the U . S . A .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . A .
Antioch , California is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 686 . 65 square kilometres .
Arlington , Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 686 . 65 square kilometres .
Arlington , Texas is part of Texas in the U . S . A .
Atlanta is located in the U . S . in Georgia .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in the U . S . in Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the country of United States which has the capital city of Washington , D . C . .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey in the U . S . A .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , with a population density of 914 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Auburn , Washington is part of Pierce County , Washington in the U . S . A .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States , part of which is Atlantic City , New Jersey .
United States ' s capital is Washington , D . C . Amarillo , Texas and is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States , which is located in the country .
The Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States , which is part of Albany , Georgia .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Auburn , Alabama is located in the country .
The English language is spoken in Akron , Ohio , United States .
The title of the leader of United States is the President and the capital city is Albuquerque , New Mexico in that country .
Tomato is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Italy .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla is it ' s leader .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy and Sergio Mattarella is it ' s leader .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish commonly found in Italy .
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain and is made nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce is a main ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Asam pedas , which is also found in the Indonesia .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is made nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are : Bacon and Sausage .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish made with vegetables .
A variation of a BLT is a bacon sandwich which has ketchup as one of the ingredients .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France and Manuel Valls is it ' s leader .
Meringue is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in United States .
Fruit preserves is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Vermicelli is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Indonesia .
Bakso has almond ( part of the rutaceae family ) as one of its ingredients .
Chicharrón is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish commonly found in Colombian cuisine .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France and Claude Bartolone is it ' s leader .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Indonesia .
Siomay is a variation of Batagor which has Peanut sauce as one of the ingredients .
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is it ' s leader .
The binignit dish can be found in the Singapore and Indonesia and the main ingredients are sweet potato and coconut milk .
Bhajji comes from the country of India , where Indian people live and where Bhajji is eaten .
Bhajji is a food found in India and T . S . Thakur is it ' s leader .
Binignit is a food found in Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and the main ingredients are sweet potato and coconut milk .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and coconut milk .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and Enrique Peña Nieto is it ' s leader .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from Guadalajara .
Cake is a type of dessert , as is Bionico .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Bakso is a traditional sauce .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor and includes Shiitake as an ingredient .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport , which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres .
At 610 . 0 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas - Barajas airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas - Barajas airport located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , is 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the Arabic is spoken .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the length of the 1st runway is 3800 metres .
The surface of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is poaceae and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the largest city of which is Houston .
The city of Luanda is served by the Angola International Airport which has a runway length of 3800 . 0 metres .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the 1st runway is 12467 feet .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are located in HEADQUarTER .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport , where the runway name is 4 / 22 .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 metres .
Infraero in Brasilia is the operating organisation for Afonso Pena International airport and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
A . C . Chievo Verona ' s ground is in Verona , Italy and they have 39371 members .
Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy , is the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club FC Dallas .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club Blackburn Rovers F . C . .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club Irlam Town F . C . .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located in Lancashire .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in Gubbio .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan , El Salvador and they play in the Salvadoran Primera Division league .
Christian Panucci has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club A . S . Roma .
Paulo Sousa has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club Juventus F . C . .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of SPORTSTEam S . p . A .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Greece and they have 69618 members .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan , El Salvador and they play in the Salvadoran Primera Division league .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Jong Ajax .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is Gubbio which is located in Umbria .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the leader of which is Pietro Grasso .
Luciano Spalletti is attached to the club Empoli F . C . and manages A . S . Roma .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was published in hardcover .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the AIP Advances which has the EISSN number E ISSN_NUMBER .
J . V . Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which was published in hardcover .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and was followed by Weymouth Sands .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way , which is available in hardcover and has the media type Print & Paperback , is 7877110 .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Way .
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which was published in hardcover .
A Severed Wasp has an OCLC number of O CLC_NUMBER and an ISBN number of ISBN_NUMER .
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp , which is available in hardcover and has the media type Hardcover , is 7877110 .
A Severed Wasp was originally published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp , available in hardcover , has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science + Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is a fantasy literature hardcover .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of O CLC_NUMBER and an ISBN number of ISBN_NUMER .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones which was written by Brandon Sanderson .
The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math . , comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics .
The American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is owned by the parent company PARENT COMPANY .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called African Americans .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called African Americans .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Uab and is located in the state of Alba .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore and the president is B . M . Reddy .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which is lead by Kochi .
April O ' Neil was created by Peter Laird , an American , in the comics genre .
Bananaman , starring Jill Shilling , is broadcasted by the BBC .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was broadcasted by STV .
Tim Brooke Taylor , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Derbyshire .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Alan Tudyk .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Steven T . Seagle .
The comic book character Auron , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway .
The comic book character Auron , whose full name is Bo Bibbowski , was created by Marv Wolfman .
Alan Bean , who was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 , has retired .
Alan Shepard , who served as a test pilot , is now deceased .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , Essex County , New Jersey .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders , who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . , is now deceased .
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 with 50 floors and has a floor count of FLOORSCOUNT .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in United States .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago .
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler , who is from the United States .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge .
Populous ( company ) was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at Dublin .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Copenhagen .
The architect of Adare Manor , completed in 1862 , was George Richard Pain .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Adisham Hall , with an Tudor Revival architecture architectural style , is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
Adisham Hall , with an Tudor Revival architecture architectural style , is located in Sri Lanka .
The Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in the country where Akita Museum of Art is located .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori and it has 3 floors .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
Ampara Hospital is located in the state of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , which is in United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn .
County Limerick is part of Munster and is the location of the Adare Manor .
Dublin is part of Republic of Ireland and is the location of the 3Arena .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in the United States and is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States where Joe Biden is the leader .
Buzz Aldrin , a US national who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . , was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Elliot See was an American , who was born in Dallas . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
Elliot See went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 and died in St . Louis where the leader is Francis G . Slay .
Elliot See died in St . Louis , Kingdom of France on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire ( home of the purple finch ) , spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , a 448 page hardcover book written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was produced in print .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , the sequel to 1634 : The Galileo Affair , is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alexander L . Wolf is the leader of Association for Computing Machinery which is located in New York City and publishes the ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and studies HIV . It has the ISSN number of 0269 - 9370 .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and studies HIV . It has the ISSN number of 1473 - 5571 .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances and resides in the United States . His alma mater was Stanford University .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an OCLC number of OCLL_ NUMBER .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 as well as the OCLC number of 7877110 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press who are based in the United States .
A Severed Wasp , published in the United States , is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is 388 pages long and is available in hardcover . It has the OCLC number OCLL_NUMBER .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) has an ISSN number of 1865 - 8784 , an LCCN number of LCCCN_ NUMBER and is abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . .
Above the Veil was written in Australians and followed the book Aenir which is written in English .
The novel Aenir , written by Garth Nix , was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English .
Above the Veil , a 248 page hardcover book written by Garth Nix , was produced in print .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) has an ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 , an LCCN number of LCCCN_ NUMBER and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . .
The Acta Palaeontol . Pol , abbreviated to Addiction , has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 and is part of the academic discipline of paleontology .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell who publish the Addiction ( journal ) which has the ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 .
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix in English , was followed by Above the Veil .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , published in the United States , is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . The OCLC number of the book is O CLC_NUMBER .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the English language is spoken .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog . He is the author of A Glastonbury Romance .
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( ISSN number 0001 - 8392 ) is published by SAGE Publications which was founded by Sara Miller McCune .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D . C .
A Wizard of Mars is written in the English language and is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D . C .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the President .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the President .
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Germania Schöneiche club and plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig . He has also been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of AC Lumezzane and is part of the A . S . D . Licata 1931 club as well as the A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 club .
The full name of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA , they are in the Lega Pro / A league and have 4150 members .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is the manager of the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F . C . club and the El Salvador national football team .
The ground of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . The chairman of the club is Antonis Milionis .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 1500 members . Their full name is " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their ground is in Metapan .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C . He is also a member of Chesterfield FC .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He is a member of the Stockport County F . C . as well as a player for Runcorn FC Halton .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 19238 members . Their full name is " Livorno Calcio S . p . A . " and their ground is in Metapan .
Carpi F . C . 1909 are the champions of the Serie B in which A . S . Livorno Calcio , who are managed by Christian Panucci , also play .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who played for Chelsea F . C . and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
Olympiacos F . C . are the champions of the Superleague Greece in which AEK Athens F . C . also play . Their ground is located in Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . are managed by Gus Poyet who is in the Real Zaragoza club and is attached to the club Chelsea F . C . .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located and Eberhard van der Laan is the leader .
Amsterdam - Noord is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is located and Eberhard van der Laan is the leader .
John van den Brom has been the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Jong Ajax and İstanbulspor A . Ş . .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is located in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calcio and is attached to the club Empoli F . C . . He is also the manager of A . S . Roma .
Massimo Drago is in the S . S . Chieti Calcio club and is affiliated with the A . S . D . Licata 1931 club . He has also been the manager of A C Cesena .
Massimo Drago played for U . S Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena . He is attached to the club A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is currently at the A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 club .
Massimo Drago is in the U . S Castrovillari Calcio club and is affiliated with the S . S . Chieti Calcio club . He is also the manager of A . C . Cesena .
John Madin was born in Birmingham and was the architect of 103 Colmore Row which is located in Colmore Row .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio and the leader of Cleveland is Frank G . Jackson .
250 Delaware Avenue in United States has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 1200 square metres .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , which is lead by Rahm Emanuel .
320 South Boston Building in the U . S . was designed by the architect George Winkler . It has 22 floors .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , North Wall Quay , which was completed in December 2008 .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark , which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is 3XN and it has 23 floors . The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant building of the SIGNIFICANTAdare Manor .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall which was designed by Robert A M Stern and completed in 1862 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931 . It has the Tudor Revival architectural style .
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the Tudor Revival architectural style .
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the Adisham Hall in Haputale .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and Adisham Hall can be found .
The Mason School of Business , located in the United States , are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , the building of which began on January 1st , 2009 .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference . One of the significant buildings that he designed was the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in California and was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant building of the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 87000823 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1904 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1904 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Birmingham is lead by the Conservative Party ( UK ) and is the home town of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham ( now lead by the Liberal Democrats ) .
The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , which is lead by Anandiben Patel .
Marriott International , with Bill Marriott as one of its key people , is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia , United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is lead by the New Mexico Senate , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 486 . 2 square kilometres .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the location of the city of Alpharetta , Georgia in Fulton County , Georgia .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the location of the city of Alpharetta , Georgia in Georgia ( U . S . state ) .
Alpharetta , Georgia is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Anaheim , California , with the area code of 657 , 714 , has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) and a UTC offset of - 7 .
Anaheim , California is part of California which is lead by the State Senate and has the State Capitol in Washington DC as its location .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . A .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , United States . One of the ethnic groups in United States is Asian Americans .
United States House of Representatives is the title of the leader of Antioch , part of Contra Costa County , in California , which is part of San Francisco Bay Area .
Arlington , Texas is part of Tarrant County , Texas which is located in the U . S . A . and has the county seat of Fort Worth , Texas .
Atlanta is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Atlanta , with the area code of 404 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres .
Newark is the largest city in New Jersey , United States , which is part of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey is the largest city in United States and is part of the Atlantic County , New Jersey in the country .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama in the U . S . A .
Auburn , Washington is part of Washington ( state ) , United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C . .
Auburn , Washington is part of Washington ( state ) which is located in the U . S . A . and has the capital of Springfield .
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia ( U . S . state ) . Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia and is in Georgia .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . The largest city in that state is Appleton .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the U . S . A . and is the capital of the state .
LARGESTArlington , Texas is the largest city in Texas where the English language is spoken , and Arlington , Texas is part of the state .
United States has the capital city of Washington , D . C . and is part of the Fountain County , Indiana in the country .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the city of Attica , Indiana is located in Fountain County , Indiana , United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the English language is spoken . Akron , Ohio is a popular tourist destination in the country .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Akron , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio , United States which is part of the country of United States .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the country of Albany , Oregon which is part of Benton County , Oregon .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States , a country led by Barack Obama in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken and the capital city is Albany , Georgia .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken and the capital city is Angola , Indiana .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport . This airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway name 10R / 28L .
Lake Placid , and the city of Saranac Lake , both in New York , are served by Adirondack Regional Airport . This airport has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is part of Community of Madrid , Spain .
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by the Indian Air Force . It has the ICAO location identifier of "VIAG " .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq . It has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and using McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighters , and fought battles in the Korean war .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as The General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport . This airport has a runway length of 877 . 0 metres and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
The Jinnah International Airport is the headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
At 210 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan - Barajas airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in United States .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas at 973 . 0 metres above sea level with a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas at 973 . 0 metres above sea level with a runway length of 896 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin , Texas and the English language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the demonym for the inhabitants is Tejano .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , which is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
The operating organization for Atlantic City International Airport is called Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who have their headquarters in Four World Trade Center . The airport serves New Jersey .
The Adolfo Suarez Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey - Barajas airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . It has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
Lahore is a popular tourist destination in Pakistan , where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali and the city is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in Madrid , Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Madrid . The leader party at Madrid is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , Spain where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain where the leader party is the People ' s Party ( Spain ) .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . To the southeast of Adams County is Carrol County , Maryland .
Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg which is in the municipality of Gettysburg .
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which has the native name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Ahmet Davutoglu and the legislature is the National Assembly . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey .
Guanciale is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Italy and is popular in Lazio .
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and Banana leaf are the main ingredients of Arem - arem , a dish from Javanese cuisine .
Arrabbiata sauce has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the Solanaceae family and in the division of flowering plants .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Italy and is popular in Rome .
Tomato is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which is a dish from Rome and also found in Indonesia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . The main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is also found in Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . It includes lettuce and is made with tomato .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the White Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is a leader .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is John Roberts .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a BLT or club sandwich . The BLT is a variant of a Club Sandwich .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the currency is the Indonesian Rupiah and the leader is Manuel Valls .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in United States .
Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert , as is Baked Alaska which contains raisins .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert dish from the Derbyshire Dales that contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
Bakewell pudding is a dish from Derbyshire Dales and a variation of Bakewell tart . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Beef is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from the country of Indonesia .
Avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of Columbian cuisine and found in the Paisa region .
Hogao is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Colombian cuisine and is popular in Paisa Region .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and Beef kway teow is served nationwide .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Indonesia and is popular in Singapore .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which is a dish from Singapore and also found in Indonesia .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto and the currency is the Indian rupee .
Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert and Binignit , which contains raisins , is a dessert .
Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert and Binignit , which contains raisins , is a dessert .
Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert and Binignit , which contains raisins , is a dessert .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of Solanales ) and coconut milk .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico .
Raisin is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Mexico .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the Indonesian Rupiah and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . The capital of the country is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is eaten .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where the English language is spoken and Beef kway teow is a traditional dish .
Amatriciana sauce has almond as one of its ingredients . Almonds are from the Solanaceae family of the Solanales order and are an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . It has 250 academic staff .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It has 700 postgraduate students .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahé , India to its northwest . The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Established in 1928 in Aarhus , Denmark , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus .
Albert Uderzo and the French national , René Goscinny created the comic character of Bolt .
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor . It last aired on 15th April 1986 .
Big Hero 6 was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit . It was Baymax ' s first film appearance .
The distributor of the film Big Hero 6 , which stars Scott Adsit , is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . Baymax is a character in this film .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter and in which Baymax is a character .
The comic book character Blockbuster , whose alternative name is Mark Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino .
The comic book character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn ( comics ) created the comic character of Bolt who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , with 23 floors , was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town . Ethnic groups of South Africa include the Asian South Africans and the Coloured .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Frank G Jackson .
300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009 in Illinois with 60 floors covering 111484 square metres and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Copenhagen has 23 floors , was designed by architect 3XN and is currently tenanted by Marriott International .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick which is part of Munster . County Limerick is governed by a magistrate .
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The Vietnamese are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita .
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia . The Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , a country which has Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan as leaders .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1913 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 87000823 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and was constructed in 1904 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , Brooklyn . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of New York City .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of the city , which has the B postcode and is lead by the Labour Party .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of the city , which has the B postcode and is lead by the Labour Party .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India in the country of India . T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in that country .
The Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London ( which is lead via the Parliament of the United Kingdom ) . Elizabeth II is a leader of the UK .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States , where the English language is spoken , and the leader is Joe Biden . United States is lead by the President of the United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan ( capital Baku ) and is known by the native name Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield of Frederick County , Maryland which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 in the district .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara . It is the location of the red granite and white marble Ankara Turkish Martyrs memorial located in Turkey .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 in Izmir , Turkey . The Turkish leader ' s official title is the President of Turkey .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the English language is spoken and the city of Albany , Georgia ( part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) ) is found .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , with the area code of 505 , 575 , has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . 0 square kilometres and a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) in the Fulton County , Georgia in the state of Georgia . The county seat of that county is Clayton in Georgia .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas , United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and African Americans are an ethnic group in the country .
Austin , Texas is the capital of Texas which is part of Potter County , Texas in the U . S . A . in Amarillo , Texas .
The Spanish language is spoken in California which is part of Anaheim , California which is lead by the Mayor and is the location of the State Assembly and the State Capitol .
Anderson , Indiana is located in Adams , Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union and is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . It has a population density of 914 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana in the U . S . A . It has a total area of 686 . 65 square kilometres .
Antioch , California , with the area code of 925 , has a population of 102372 and an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . Its UTC offset is - 7 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , which has the area code of 609 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is known as the Mayors of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the location of the city of Auburn , Alabama in the state of Alabama .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States in the state of Alabama . The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
Auburn , Washington is part of Pierce County , Washington in the U . S . A . It is located in King County , Washington . Washington , D . C . is the capital of that country .
Auburn , Washington is part of Washington ( state ) in the U . S . A . and is located in the King County , Washington . The capital of that country is Washington , D . C . .
LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in Texas and is part of the state of Hays County , Texas which has the county seat of San Marcos , Texas . Austin , Texas is a part of that state .
The Chinese language is spoken in California which is part of Anaheim , California which is lead by the Mayor and is the location of the State Assembly in the city of Anaheim , California . The Assembly is located at the ISPART OF State Capitol .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) in the United States . It is located in the county of Fulton County , Georgia which has the county seat of Atlanta .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . A . It is located in Lafayette . The capital of that county is Springfield .
The English language is spoken in LARGESTArlington , Texas , Texas which is part of the U . S . A . and is home to the largest city , Austin .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans . Albany , Oregon , which is part of Benton County , Oregon , is also in United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey . Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in New Jersey , United States .
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which is lead by Barack Obama in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States . The leader of the country is known as the President and the capital city is Washington DC .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico . Albuquerque , New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate which is lead by John Sánchez .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asian Americans . Albany , Oregon is part of Benton County , Oregon in United States .
Mayor of Albuquerque is the title of the leader in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Barack Obama is a leader in the country .
The English language is spoken in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the city of Albany , Georgia is located which is part of the country .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of Angola , Indiana which is part of Indiana .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of Angola , Indiana which is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and his club is SV Babelsberg 03 . He is part of the clubs 1 . FC Union Berlin and FSV Zwickau .
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for both F . C . Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio . He has also been the manager of AC Lumezzane .
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and is in the Torino F . C . club . He is also part of the A . C . Chievo Verona club and manages AC Lumezzane .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ' s ground is located in Efxeinoupoli and they play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league . Their chairman is Antonis Milionis and they have 1500 members .
The leader of Blackpool in Blackpool is Conservative Party ( UK ) . It is the location of the ground of A . F . C . Blackpool who have had Stuart Parker as their manager , now attached to Irlam Town Football Club .
The leader of Blackpool in Blackpool is Gordon Marsden . It is the location of the ground of A . F . C . Blackpool who have had Stuart Parker as their manager , now attached to Irlam Town Football Club .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and their ground is located in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire . The club has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and their ground is located in Bryning Lane . They have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina . He is in the Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . club , plays for Juventus F . c . and is at the Inter Milan club .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is located in Greece and they have 69618 members . They played in the Superleague Greece in the 2014 season .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst . It is owned and operated by AFC Ajax N . V . and tenanted by Jong Ajax .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and their nickname is Joden , Godenzonen . The club played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar . He also plays for Vitesse Arnhem , AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A . S .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas , Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca , Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders of Italy .
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is affiliated with the FC Admira Wacker Modling club . He is also part of the FK Austria Wien club and the manager of 1 FC Koln .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport which is located 546 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and 17L / 35R is the name of the runway .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York . It is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
The Indian Air Force is the operating organisation of Al Asad airbase in India which has the IATA I . D . of AGR and the ICAO location identifier ofICAO_LOCation_IDENTifIER .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq . The airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 metres and a runway named 08 / 26 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft as well as the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighter and the General Dynamics F - 16 Falcon fighter aircraft .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore . The airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Amsterdam is served by the Abilene regional airport which is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and 09 / 27 ' Buitenveldertbaan ' is the name of the runway .
Amsterdam is served by the Abilene regional airport which is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan ' is the name of the runway .
Andrews , Texas is served by Andrews County Airport located in Texas . The airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are known as Texans and the capital city is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U . S . A . Austin , Texas is the capital of Texas . Spanish is spoken there .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and serves the city of CITYERVED .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . It is located 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The hub airport for the company is HUBAshgabat International Airport .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey which is served by Afonso Pena International airport located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , United States .
Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority , the owner of the Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the German language is spoken . Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in the country , is served by Antwerp International Airport .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . Philippe of Belgium is the leader of the country and the French language is spoken there .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York , in the United States .
Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq and the Kurdish languages is spoken there .
Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab , Pakistan . Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab in that country .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the Commelinids order , as well as being in the Monocotyledon class .
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House in London . It broadcast Bananaman and also produces BROADCastEDBY radio .
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter . The creator of this character is American national , Duncan Rouleau .
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt , who was created by Gary Cohn and the American , Ernie Colón .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette III .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and has 512 pages . It was published in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , parented by its parent company Wolters Kluwer , in the UK . The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II .
J . V . Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an OCLC number of 7877110 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover . It has an OCLC number of 7877110 and an ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer originates from the United States and is published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the U . S . The book is written in English .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . The US is home to Asian Americans and uses the English language .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has 560 pages . It was published in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbrv . ACM Trans . Inf . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 . It ' s LCCN and ISSN numbers are LCCn_ NUMBER and ISSSN_NAME , respectively .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0567 - 7920 and LLCN_ NUMBER , respectively .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences . The ISSN number for the journal is 1732 - 2421 , the LCCN number isLCCN_ NUMBER and the abbreviation is Acta Palaeontol . Pol . .
Cornell University in New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities .
Cornell University in Ithaca , New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . The university is in the state of New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Aenir is available in hardcover and has 233 pages . It was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . It originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The American Journal of Mathematics , first published in 1878 , is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States and has John Hopkins University as its parent company .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . , where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . English is also the language of Great Britain and the United States .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language spoken is English . English is also the language of Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama , English is the language spoken , and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
British Hong Kong , represented by Chris Patten , was the birthplace of William Anders , who was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin ( born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . ) was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shephard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator .
Elliot See was an American who was born in Dallas and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in St . Louis .
William Anders was a test pilot who joined NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 , which was operated by NASA .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the director is Dr G P Prabhukumar .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis , which has the International Tennis Federation as it ' s governing body .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus which is governed by a magistrate .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala . It has 250 academic staff and is in the state of Kerala . The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania , .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio , Italy . It includes Tomato cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella .
Arròs negre comes from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and olive oil .
Arròs negre comes from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients of the dish are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia and Spain . The Spaniards are an ethnic group of Spain and the leader of Catalonia is Parliament of Catalonia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . Malaysia is the ethnic home of the Malaysian Malay , and the Batak are an ethnic group in Sumatra , .
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra , Malaysia . Ethnic groups from Sumatra include the Minangkabau people and the Malays ( ethnic group ) .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the country is Washington D . C . and the Bacon Explosion is eaten there .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the country is Washington D . C . and the Bacon Explosion is eaten there .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and it often is served with brown sauce . Variations include the BLT and club sandwich .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the United Kingdom . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables and it is made with ketchup or brown sauce .
Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert , as is Baked Alaska . The latter dish comes from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the Paisa region , Columbia . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharron , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong , France , United States or China . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the region of Hong Kong , United States . Ice cream and banana are main ingredients .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of ISPART OF . It includes shortcrust pastry .
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too . The main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia . It includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharron , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region , Columbia . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharron , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia . It is a variation of the Siomay and Shumai dishes , the latter of which contains shiitake mushrooms .
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Batchoy is a main course dish from the Philippines . Its main ingredients are sausage and bacon .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . It includes kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where the Standard Chinese is spoken . Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore . It is also found in Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Singapore , Indonesia . Sesame oil and banana are main ingredients .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji , bajji , is a food found in Karnataka , India . Vegetable is one of its ingredients .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from Karnataka . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables and it is made with vegetables .
Sago is a main ingredient of Binignit along with sweet potato which belongs to flowering plants and is of the order Solanales flowering plants .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Sago and banana are main ingredients .
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico that contains raisins .
Bionico comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and olive oil .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and is served as a dessert . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader . Bakso is from the Paisa region and one of its ingredients is fried chicken .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore and Java . The Baduy are an ethnic group of Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan .
Ilocano people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippines , the country where Philippine Spanish is one of the languages spoken . Batchoy is eaten there .
Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , a country where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is eaten .
Cookie and Binignit can both be served as a dessert . The latter dish comes from the Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Binignit can both be served as a dessert . The latter dish comes from the Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken .
The novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette II ( preceded by The Grantville Gazette ) . It was followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca , New York . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . Its president is Elizabeth Garrett and it is located in the city of Ithaca , New York .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . It is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . The book is written in English , the language of Great Britain . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . and English is also spoken there .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . The US includes many Asian Americans and uses the English language , which is also used in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp was published in the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
These books were written in the following order : Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil , Into Battle ( novel ) , The Violet Keystone and Into Battle . The latter book was written in Australians .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . The country is the origin of A Severed Wasp which was published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and originates in the United States . This country is lead by Barack Obama from the capital city of Washington DC . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington , D . C . . The country is the origin of the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The leader of the US is known as the President , and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
Albany , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) , United States . The leader of the country is called the President and people are called Americans . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asians and the city is also known as Albany , Georgia .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) in the state of Georgia and also part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . The largest city is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the Potter County , Texas , in the state of Texas in United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the English language is spoken there .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas in the U . S . state of Texas . The capital of Texas is Austin , Texas and the English language is spoken there .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas in the U . S . state of Texas . The capital of Texas is Austin , Texas and the English language is spoken there .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . A . and is located in Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana . It has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
The leader of Antioch , California is known as the California ' s 11th State Assembly district . It is part of Contra Costa County , California in the San Francisco Bay Area . The English language is spoken in California .
Atlanta is located in DeKalb County , Georgia and has the area code of 404 . It has a population density of 914 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of land of 486 . 0 square kilometres .
Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the U . S . A . It is located 166 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) inhabitants per square kilometre . It has a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans . The country is the location of Alpena County which is part of Lee County , Alabama in the Alabama state .
Auburn , Washington is located in Pierce County , in the U . S . A . and is part of King County , Washington . It has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and an area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres .
LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in Williamson County , Texas which is part of Texas in the U . S . A . and has the county seat of Georgetown , Texas . The English language is spoken there .
The English language is spoken in Hays County , Texas , part of Texas which has the county seat of Canyon . LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in the state and Austin , Texas is part of it .
The Spanish language is spoken in Texas where the largest city is LARGESTAustin , Texas and the county seat is Canyon . This county is in Hays County , Texas which is part of Taylor County in Texas .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Madison County , Indiana , in Indiana , in the U . S . A . The capital of Indiana is Springfield and the English Americans is spoken .
LARGESTArlington , Texas is the largest city in Texas where the Spanish language is spoken . Arlington , Texas is part of Tarrant County which has Fort Worth as its county seat and is located in the state .
The capital of Texas is Austin and is located in the United States . Arlington , Texas is part of Tarrant County which is lead by Fort Worth and is the location of the largest city in the state .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the White Americans . Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey in United States .
The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . and the demonym for people living there is Americans . One of the ethnic groups in the U . S . are the Native Americans . Albany , Oregon , which is part of Linn County , Oregon , is a popular tourist destination in the country .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and its people are called Americans . Albany , Oregon is part of Oregon in the country and has an ethnic group called Asians .
Americans are the people who live in United States where the English language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans . Angola , Indiana is located in the country and is part of Steuben County , Indiana .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country . The country is part of Lee County , Alabama in the state of Alabama and is also home to the city of Auburn , Alabama .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . which is where Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States . Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County which is in Alabama . Lee County has the county seat of Opelika , Alabama .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . whose capital is Washington D . C . Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey . The largest city in that state is Newark and the capital city is Albany .
The English language is spoken in United States where the leader is known as the President and his title is Barack Obama . Albuquerque , New Mexico is part of New Mexico in the country .
United States is part of Steuben County , Indiana and is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans . Angola , Indiana is also located in United States and is where the English language is spoken . The people of United States are known as Indian .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . which is lead by Barack Obama . The capital of the country is Washington D . C . and the city of Akron , Ohio is located in Summit County , Ohio .
The title of the leader of the United States is the President and people there are called Americans . The country is part of the South African ethnic group and is the location of the city of Albany , Georgia in the country .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Seminary Ridge , USA . It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and northwest of Frederick County , Maryland . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the north of Adams County .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader ( the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan ) is Artur Rasizade .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly . The capital city is Baku and the country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The official title of the leader of Turkey is the President of Turkey who is Ahmet Davutoglu . The capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul although it is in Izmir that the Atatürk Monument is located .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , northwest of Mahé , India . It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students . The school ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it is in the city of Bangalore .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen who has the title of Monarchy of Denmark . The School is located in the country which is lead by Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250 . India ' s largest city is LARGESTKuttikkattoor .
AWH Engineering College is in Mumbai , India in the state of Kerala . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Ganges is a river in India and the largest city in the country is LARGETCITY .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of Mols . It is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane whose ground is located in Italy . He also plays for F . C . Bari 1908 and is attached to the club Vicenza Calcio . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso .
Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their ground . The club has had Stuart Parker as their manager who has also been at Blackburn Rovers FC and is a member of Chesterfield FC and Stockport County F . C .
S . S . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play . This latter club have their home ground in Italy where the Italian language is spoken . The leader of the Italian people is Sergio Mattarella .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) which is located in Marousi and is managed by Gus Poyet . His own club is Real Zaragoza and he is also part of the Chelsea F . C . club .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians . The capital is Rome and the language spoken is Italian . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians . The capital is Rome and the official language is Italian . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella .
Arem - arem is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Indonesia ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla , the currency is the Indonesian rupiah , and Indonesian is the language spoken .
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula and is also found in Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups found in the country .
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups there .
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups there .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , Malay Peninsula . The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups there .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of the United States . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group . Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States and the language spoken is Italian .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and variations include the BLT . The main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . It can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong and is also found in France . Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are both leaders of France , where French is the language spoken .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia . One of the ingredients in it is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and of the Rosids order .
Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in France . The country ' s leaders include Gérard Larcher and François Hollande , and the French language is spoken there .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay ( which contains peanut sauce ) and Shumai dishes .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader . It is a variation of Siomay and Shumai ( which includes Shiitake ) .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , where there is a dish called batagor . This dish is a variation of Shumai ( which contains peanut sauce ) and Siomay .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
T . S . Thakur is the leader of India , a country where the people are called Indians . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India . The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala .
T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are both leaders of India , a country where the people are known as Indians . Bhajji is a food found in India . It comes from the Karnataka region .
Bionico is a dessert dish from Guadalajara , Mexico . It includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader . It is served as a dessert course and honey can be added to it .
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco , Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico and it is served as a dessert . Honey can be added to it .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia , Spain . The leader of the region is Carles Puigdemont and the country is led by Felipe VI . Spaniards are the main ethnic group there .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy , where the capital is Rome and Italian is the language spoken . Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are both leaders of Italy .
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are both leaders of Italy , a country whose capital is Rome and whose people are known as Italians . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are both leaders of Italy , the country where Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoken . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy .
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore and Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore and Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan . English language is spoken there .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . Ethnic groups there include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino , and languages spoken are Philippine Spanish and Arabic .
The Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain , a country where the Spanish language is spoken . Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia , where the leader is Susana Díaz .
Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Andalusia , Spain . The leader of Andalusia is Susana Diaz and the leader of Spain is Felipe VI . Spaniards are the people who live there .
Alan Bean is a United States test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and became a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 mission . The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong who was part of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew . Frank Borman was the commander of the mission .
Buzz Aldrin was an American test pilot who served as a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 .
Buzz Aldrin was an American test pilot who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew , which was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 . He is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and is now retired . William Anders was a backup pilot on the mission .
Buzz Aldrin was born January 20th , 1930 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and is now retired . William Anders was a backup pilot on the mission .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 mission who died in California . Dianne Feinstein is one of the senators of DETHPLACE and Benitoite is a gemstone found in the state .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders was an American test pilot who was born in British Hong Kong . He was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew and retired on September 1 , 1969 .
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4100 . 0 .
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . It is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . The airport ' s ICAO location identifier isVIAG .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the location identifier of ORAA . The airbase has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and 08 / 26 is the name of the runway .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The airbase ' s ICAO Location Identifier is I CAO_LOCATION_IDENTIFIER and the runway name is 08 / 26 . It has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircrafts . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter . The US Air Force fought in the Korean war and fought in 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the US bombing of Libya in 1986 . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft as well as the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircraft .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and is named 08 / 26 .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore . The airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 and 18L / 36R is the name of the runway .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . It is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
At 210 metres above sea level , and with a runway length of 1533 . 0 , Adolfo Suarez Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan - Barajas airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in United States . The airport serves the city of Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and also Alpena , Michigan .
Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan 210 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and 7 / 25 is the name of the runway .
Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan 210 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway length of 2744 . 0 and 1 / 19 is the name of the runway .
At 210 metres above sea level , and with a runway length of 1533 . 0 , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in United States and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda . It is 159 metres above sea level . The runway name is 05L / 23R and it has a length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is in Greece . Two of the leaders in that country are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is spoken there .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is in Greece . Two of the leaders in that country are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Greek is spoken there .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the U . S . A . It serves Atlantic City , N . J . which is lead by Don Guardian .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The capital of the country is City of Brussels and two of the leaders are Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States and is the location of Atlantic City International airport . The airport has the location identifier of KACY and is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid , New York . It also serves SaranAC , part of Harrietstown , N . Y . in the United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown in New York in the United States , as well as Essex County , New York .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , Bundelkhand and is operated by Indian Air Force . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq and Fuad Masum is also a leader in that country . In Iraq they speak the Arabic .
200 Public Square , completed in 1985 , is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . Construction of the building began in January , 2014 and it ' s architectural style is Tudor Revival .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of the state is Springfield .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Faroese is one of the languages spoken there .
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . The country uses the Greenlandic language and is also the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the Greenlandic language is spoken there .
The leader of Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny and the country is the location of the Adare Manor designed by Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury and also designed the significant building of the SIGNIFICANTAdare Manor .
The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 with a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The building has 3 floors and is located in the city of Akita .
The Chinese are an ethnic group in Japan which is lead by Shinzo Abe . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States . The Hall was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe . The country is the location of the Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of several significant buildings . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner , Hearst Castle , the Asilomar Conference Ground and the SIGNIFICantAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has designed many significant buildings . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle , the SIGNIFICantAsilomar Conference Grounds and the Asilomar Conference .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New Netherland , United States . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan and the New York City is part of the state .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of the city , which has the postcode area ' B ' , and is governed by the City Council along with Labour politician John Clancy .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States which is lead by a President who is Barack Obama . The Chief Justice of the USA is John Roberts and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania , Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property .
Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by Artur Rasizade .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , Maryland USA . The monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space as part of the space program . He is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander . Alan Bean retired in June 1981 .
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA the same year . He served as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA . William Anders was a backup pilot on that mission .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey and became a fighter pilot . He was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as backup pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , an award that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and Benitoite is a gemstone and a Smilodon is a fossil .
William Anders was an American test pilot who was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . and went on to become a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew . Anders retired on Sept 1 , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
William Anders received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and went on to become a crew member of the Apollo 8 mission operated by NASA . He is now retired . Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin also served as crew members on the mission .
In 1996 the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland . The current Dean is Mario Botta and there is an academic staff of 100 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . The Institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The school is in the country which is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Denmark ' s religion is the Church of Denmark and the country is ruled by a monarchy .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . The School is affiliated to the European University Association headquartered in Brussels and the dean is Thomas Pallesen .
The River Ganges flows through India where the largest city is Mumbai and the AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in the country . The College was established in 2001 and the leader of Kerala is Kochi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis . Its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române . Its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle .
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 and student body of 16000 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The Turkish leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital city is Ankara although the largest city is Istanbul . The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , the capital of which is Ankara . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument in Izmir which was designed by Pietro Canonica . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey .
The Turkish leader ( official title President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoglu . The capital city is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish Lira . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey and was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta . Switzerland ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India in the state of Karnataka . It was established in 2000 . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and its president is B . M . Reddy . Its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai in the state of Karnataka . One of the sports offered at the Institute is Tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the HAS To ITS WEST to its west .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania , its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association . The school ' s dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is located in the country of Denmark which is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and is in the country of Denmark , where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Denmark has a monarchy and the leader of the country is called Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Established in 1928 and with a current student body of 16000 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has a latin name of Universitas Aarhusiensis . The school is affiliated with the European University Association and its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
Alan Bean was an American test pilot who served as a crew member of Apollo 12 . He was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 and was chosen by NASA in 1959 . He served as a test pilot and died in California .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas and became a test pilot . He was part of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew , along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 . He spent 52 minutes in space as part of his time in space .
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He is now retired .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA where William Anders was a backup pilot . Aldrin is now retired .
William Anders was an American test pilot who served as a crew member on Apollo 8 . He was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong who was part of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . William Anders retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was a fighter pilot who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . In 1963 , he was selected by NASA and became a member of the Apollo 8 crew . He spent 100305 minutes in space and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The Purple Heart is the award the A T Charlie Johnson has received .
The Battle of Mine Run is one of the battles of the politician , John Cowpher Powys .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Stellendam , Netherlands .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub is in the office of the Vice President while the President is Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman .
The People ' s Party is the party of Denmark and is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The successor of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
The active year of A . T . Charlie Johnson was 1999 - 05 - 29 .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Minna .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Niger State .
The active year of A . T . Charlie Johnson was 1965 - 01 - 03 .
John Cowpher Powys died in Alexandria , Virginia .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Kent .
The Gravesend is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson , the American politician .
University of Adelaide is Adenan Satem ' s almaMater .
The birth place of Adolf Schärf is Mikulov .
The Prime Minister ' s office is in the Office of the President , which is located in Washington DC .
The OFFICE ( worked at , worked as ) is the office of the A . T . Charlie Johnson who is the Chief Justice of the United States .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Hessisch Oldendorf .
The birth place of Agnes Ward White is Marietta , Ohio .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson began in Acta Palaeontol . Pol in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
The Military Cross is the award the A T Charlie Johnson has received .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Knightsbridge , London .
The Lieutenant colonel is the military rank of the COUNTRY ' s Prime Minister .
The service of the Aarhus Lufthaven A / S began in 1935 .
The People ' s Party is the party of Denmark and is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Agnes Ward White is the spouse of A T Charlie Johnson , the politician .
The Union Army is the military branch of the A . D . Isidro Metapan .
The nationality of ASTRONAUT is Argentina .
The profession of a A . T . Charlie Johnson is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy .
John Cowpher Powys died in Austria .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson began in Acta Palaeontol . Pol in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
The Battle of Chancellorsville is one of the battles of the politician , John Cowpher Powys .
The birth place of John Cowpher Powys is Darien , Connecticut .
The OFFICE ( worked at , worked as ) is the office of the A . T . Charlie Johnson who is the Chief Justice of the United States .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson began in Acta Palaeontol . Pol in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
The United States Army is the military branch of the A . D . Isidro Metapan .
The successor of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Price Daniel .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson began in Acta Palaeontol . Pol in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
The People ' s Party is the party of Denmark and is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Robert E . Lee was the commander of the American Civil War .
The Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria .
Robert E . Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam .
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War .
Gabriela Michetti is the name of the leader of Buenos Aires in Argentina .
Colin Powell was the commander of the U . S . Air Force in the invasion of Panama .
John F . Kennedy ' s predecessor was Dwight D . Eisenhower .
The Alma Mater of Josef Klaus is University of Vienna .
Juan Carlos I of Spain ' s predecessor was the Francisco Franco .
Juan Perón party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Mark Rutte is the name of the leader of Netherlands .
The Spanish – American War is one of the battles of the United States Army .
William M . O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
The alternative name of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Dodge Coronet " and they are based in Brasilia .
The engine of the 1955 Dodge is called the 230 ( cubic inches ) .
The christening date of A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s player , Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , was 2005 - 04 - 07 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Rostock .
AIDA Cruises is the operator of the AIDAluna .
The christening date of A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s player , Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , was 2013 - 03 - 16 .
The completion date of the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is 2013 - 03 - 11 .
The maidenVoyage of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is in 2013 - 03 - 17 .
AIDA Cruises is the operator of the AIDAstella .
The launch site for A . D . Isidro Metapan is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The alternative name of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " American Motors Matador " and they are based in Brasilia .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan and they are now retired .
The engine of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is called the Straight - four engine .
The engine of the Acura TLX is called the Honda K engine .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play their home matches at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez which is located in Metapan , El Salvador .
The RELATEDAcura TLX is related to the relatedMean ofTransportation , the AIRPORT .
The transmission of the 9 - speed ZF 9HP automatic ( V6 ) is to theAcura TLX .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . S . Livorno ) has an assembly in Arese .
The RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 is related to the relatedMean ofTransportation , the AIRPORT .
The transmission of the 4 - speed automatic ( ZF 4HP18QE ) is to theAlfa Romeo 164 .
The Samuda Brothers were the builders of the Alhambra .
The Alhambra ' s ship beam is called the 8 . 3 m .
The Alhambra ' s status is Wrecked .
The Alhambra ' s top speed is 18 . 52 .
The engine of the Alvis Speed 25 is called the Straight - six engine .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s model started in 1937 and is located in Metapan .
The American submarine NR - 1 ' s shipDraft is 4 . 6 m .
The final flight of A . S . Livorno Calcio is known as the " 2014 - 10 - 28 " .
The launch site for A . D . Isidro Metapan is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Gabriela Michetti is the name of the leader of Argentina .
The launch site for A . D . Isidro Metapan is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The maiden flight of the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis was on 2005 - 08 - 11 .
The body style of the A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s is Convertible .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and they are owned by Aston Martin .
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Virage as well as the AIRPORT .
The final flight of A . S . Livorno Calcio is known as the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
The launch site for A . D . Isidro Metapan is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The company Audi was founded by August Horch .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . S . Livorno ) has an assembly in Audi Brussels .
The RELATEDAudi A1 is related to the relatedMean ofTransportation , the AIRPORT .
Caterpillar is located in Ithaca New York .
TheCosta Crociere is located in Genoa .
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport and is a type of transport .
The Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 .
The demonym for people living in Germany is Germans .
Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Germany .
Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Germany .
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone .
The headquarters of the French Space Centre are located in Kourou , French Guiana .
Honda is the manufacturer of the K engine and also the chassis for the AIRPORT .
The anthem of the United States is called the The Star - Spangled Banner .
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United States of America .
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A . C . Milan .
Born in Canada , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Born in Brazil , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
Born in Diemen , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
Born in Netherlands , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Born in Point Fortin , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
The former team of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis was the Atlanta Falcons .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Al - Khor Sports Club is in the league , Qatar Stars League .
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Al Kharaitiyat SC ' s position is in the position of the Prime Minister .
Born in Baghdad , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Born on 1995 - 09 - 02 , ASTRONAUT ' s birth date is BIRthDATE .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The height of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is 28 . 0 metres .
AC Lumezzane play in the National Hockey League league .
Born on 1989 - 02 - 24 , ASTRONAUT ' s birth date is BIRthDATE .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Born in Batumi , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The club of A . D . Isidro Metapan play at is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The youth club for AEK Athens FC is Olympiacos F . C .
Born in Manitoba , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Glen Ridge .
AC Lumezzane play in the Turkish Basketball Super League league .
Atlanta Falcons are located in the city of Atlanta .
The Boston Bruins ' s general manager is Don Sweeney .
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary .
English language is one of the languages spoken in Canada .
Slavey language is one of the languages spoken in Canada .
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in the city of Columbus , Ohio .
The manager of 1 . FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny .
Valery Petrakov has been the manager of 1 FC Torpedo Moscow .
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC .
The language spoken in Finland is the Finnish language .
Italy ' s national under - 16 football team is managed by Daniele Zoratto .
Maccabi Ashdod B . C . ' s coach is Zvi Sherf .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play their home matches at the Fir Park .
Owned by Jean - Michel Aulas , Olympique Lyonnais ' s owner is Jean - Michel Aulas .
The city of St . Louis , which is home to the Rams , is St . Louis .
TheTennessee Titans is located in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
STARTYEAR was the start year of the career of Alan B Miller who is now retired .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Deer is the associated band for the band Arion , and Arion is also the name of the musician who is associated with it .
The name of the record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is " Kill Rock Stars " .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Avant - garde metal .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Progressive metal .
The solo singer is the background of the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie .
The birth date of ASTRONAUT is 1978 - 11 - 12 .
Born in Poland , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Burbank California .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Hip hop music .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Guarania ( music ) .
Born in Istanbul , Turkey , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Burbank California .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Rock music .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlbennie Jones is the associated band for the band Arion , and Arion is also the name of the musician who is associated with it .
The solo singer is the background of the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie .
Born in Yugoslavia , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Burbank California .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Rhythm and blues .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Soul music .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Synthpop .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlfredo Zitarrosa is the associated band for the band Arion , and Arion is also the name of the musician who is associated with it .
Born in Montevideo , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Burbank California .
Alan Shepardson died in Uruguay .
The name of the record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is " RCA Records " .
STARTYEAR was the start year of the career of Alan B Miller who is now retired .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Jazz .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used by theAlison O ' Donnell .
The birth date of ASTRONAUT is 1981 - 02 - 04 .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Pop music .
Alligator Records is located in Chicago .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is the associated band for the band Arion , and Arion is also the name of the musician who is associated with it .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Rhythm and blues .
The name of the record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is " Alligator Records " .
The genre of the film Big Hero 6 is Rhythm and blues .
STARTYEAR was the start year of the career of Alan B Miller who is now retired .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band for the band Arion , and Arion is also the name of the musician who is associated with it .
Born in Chișinău , Moldova , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place is Burbank California .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) is the associated band for the band Arion , and Arion is also the name of the musician who is associated with it .
The name of the record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is " B - Unique Records " .
Asunción is part of the community of Madrid in Parana state .
The Guitar is an instrument used byChristian Burns in his novel The Ram Rebellion .
Hip hop is a genre of music that is influenced by Gangsta rap .
Hip hop is a style of music that has theFunk as it ' s origins .
New wave music is the stylistic origin of Indie rock .
Auburn is part of Greater Manchester .
The location of Polydor Records is the London .
The Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company of theRCA Records .
The origins of rock and roll are from the Blues style .
Pop music is the style of music thatSynthpop is based on .
The demonym for natives of the United Kingdom is British people .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 . 0 ( gramPerCubicCentimetres ) .
Carl A . Wirtanen was the discoverer of the ( 29075 ) 1950 DA .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD ' s absoluteMagnitude is 22 . 1 .
The apoapsis of the ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is the same as that of the 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
The apoapsis of the ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is the same as that of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
The epoch of the ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 Piazzia ' s escapeVelocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The former name of the 1001 Gaussia was the 1923 OAA907 XC .
1001 Gaussia ' s maximum temperature is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
The apoapsis of the 101 Helena is the same as that of the 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The epoch of the 101 Helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The mass of the 101 Helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
The average speed of the AIR1036 Ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
103 Hera ' s absoluteMagnitude is 7 . 66 .
The mass of the 103 Hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
107 Camilla ' s absoluteMagnitude is 7 . 08 .
A . Storrs was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla .
The former name of the 1089 Tama was the A894 VA ; A904 VD ; .
The 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
The average speed of the AIR1097 Vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The epoch of the 1097 Vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The 1097 Vicia is in the rotation of 95040 . 0 .
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of the 109 Felicitas .
109 Felicitas is the periapsis of the 283326000000 . 0 .
The average speed of the AIR10 Hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
1101 Clematis is the periapsis of the 445895000000 . 0 .
The epoch of the 110 Lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
11264 Claudiomaccone ' s temperature is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
The Alma Mater of James Craig Watson is University of Michigan .
The birth place of A . R . Pogson is Nottingham .
The Purple Heart is for the Purple Heart , which was won by the politician , John Clancy , who fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
The Battle of Gettysburg is one of the battles of A T Charlie Johnson who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze was the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub who is the successor of Peter Stoger .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , John Clancy is a member of the Democratic Party ( USA ) and was a previous leader of the party .
Alan Shephard was born in Minna and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc . D .
Niger State is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and is now a resident of New Zealand .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the Al - Amin Daggash and he worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) .
 Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of A T Charlie Johnson , who was active between 1999 - 05 - 29 and April 1 , 2009 .
The Chief Justice of the United States isOlusegun Obasanjo , who was in office while the Vice President was Peter Stoger .
The World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin and was one of the battles of the Ottoman army that was involved in the Invasion of Panama .
The United States Army was involved in battles at the invasion of Panama and is the military branch of the Flemish government .
Alan Shephard was born in Kent and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc . D .
Kent is the birthplace of John Cowpher Powys who lives in the Gravesend .
The World War I is one of the battles of A T Charlie Johnson who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Athens is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later in OFFICE .
Peter Stoger was born in Athens , Greece .
Greece is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later in OFFICE .
Hessisch Oldendorf is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later in OFFICE .
The Military Cross is the award for the unit of the United States Navy who deploy the politician , John Clancy , in the Korean war .
The Battle of France is one of the battles of the many battles fought by British politician , John Maddin , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and April 1 , 2009 .
The Battle of France was commanded by Hugo Sperrle and was one of the battles of the Ottoman army that was involved in the Invasion of Panama .
Knightsbridge is the birthplace of the British politician , John Maddin , who fought in the World War II .
The World War II was commanded by Franklin D . Roosevelt and was one of the battles of the Ottoman army that was involved in the Invasion of Panama .
The World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin and was one of the battles of the Ottoman army that was involved in the Invasion of Panama .
Alan Shephard was born on 23rd July 1927 and died in 1941 .
1856 - 09 - 22 was the birth date of A T Charlie Johnson , who was a test pilot .
Alan Shephard was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County , New Mexico .
Alan Shephard served as Vice President of the United States and died in New Mexico Territory .
Born in New York City , John Clancy is a member of the Democratic Party ( USA ) and was a previous leader of the party .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the Isaac Rojas and he worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria - Hungary , Austria .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria , in the state of Tyrol , in Switzerland .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the James W . Reid ( politician ) and he worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) .
Princeton University is the alma mater of Daniel Gould Fowle who is the successor of A T Charlie Johnson and graduated with an M . S . in 1957 .
Connecticut is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later in OFFICE .
The United States Army was involved in battles at the invasion of Panama and is the military branch of the Flemish government .
The World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin and was one of the battles of the Ottoman army that was involved in the Invasion of Panama .
Lufkin , Texas is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later in OFFICE .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the Ben Ramsey and he worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) .
1793 - 10 - 23 is the birth date of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is now in the U . S .
The currency of Netherlands is the Euro and the country is the location of the guanciale , the peso .
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands , home to the severed Wasp , and also home to T S Thakur .
Alan Shephard died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , in the United States .
AC Lumezzane , who was born in Saskatchewan , is part of the Wichita Thunder club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva and is in the Peñarol club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . p . A is affiliated with the U . S . Città di Palermo club and also plays for Peñarol .
Peter Stoger is attached to the club AZ Alkmaar and is also part of the Netherlands national under - 17 football team .
Peter Stoger is attached to the club Netherlands national under - 17 football team and is also in the club PSV Eindhoven .
The first club Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for was Steel Azin F . C . and they are now part of the Al Shorta SC club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Thomas Doll and is in the Ferencvárosi TC club .
The Trinidad and Tobago national football team have had ATHLEET as their player , he played for the T & TEC Sports Club .
AS Livorno Calcio ' s former team was the New England Patriots and they had a draft pick of 39 .
AS Livorno Calcio ' s former team was the Tennessee Titans and they had a draft pick of 39 .
Alan Shephard was born on January 20th , 1930 and was born in 1987 .
Alan Shephard is a member of the Connecticut Huskies as well as the Sheikh Russel KC club .
AC Lumezzane ' s club is RoPS and he is also part of the Sheikh Russel KC club .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and their ground is in Al Khor .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Amar Osim and is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club .
Hamilton Academical F . C . player ATHLEET is affiliated with the Leeds United F . C . club and is also at Colwyn Bay FC .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and their ground is in New Douglas Park .
Born on 1995 - 09 - 02 , ATHLEET ' s club was Stockport County F . C .
AC Lumezzane , who was born in Tampere , Finland , is part of the Florida Panthers club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Valery Petrakov and is in the FC Torpedo Moscow club .
Peter Stoger is in the FC Spartak Moscow club and is affiliated with the FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
The first club A . D . Isidro Metapan played for was in the Salvadoran Primera Division and they currently play in the Brazilian Serie C League .
FC Karpaty Lviv ' s ATHLEET club is the same as that of FC Dinamo Batumi , and they also play for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Alan Shephard was born in Manitoba on October 17th , 1933 .
Born on 1988 - 01 - 08 , ATHLEET ' s club was Stockport County F . C .
AC Lumezzane play in the Turkish Basketball Super League league and are affiliated with the Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C . club .
Brandon , Manitoba , which is lead by Conservative Party of Canada , is the birthplace of Alex Plante .
Canada ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and Adam McQuaid was born in the city .
Canada , where the English language is spoken , is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger and he is also a member of the FC Dinamo Batumi club .
The ground of AS Livorno Calcio is located in Otkrytiye Arena , the club Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of .
AC Chievo Verona play in the Veikkausliiga league and are at the RoPS club .
The ground of AS Livorno Calcio is located in Palo Seco Velodrome , the club Akeem Adams is a member of .
The Guitar is an instrument used in the genre of Psychedelia and in the film Big Hero 6 .
The origin of the AIDS journal is from the United States and is also known as being from Indiana .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner is the associated band of Alan B Miller ' s Band and is a genre of Electroacoustic music .
The Singing is an instrument found in the band Arion who are part of the genre of Avant - garde metal .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab is the associated band of Magik ( rapper ) and Abradab , and is also known as Magik ' s associated band .
Born on the 17th of October 1933 in Katowice , ASTRONAUT was born in the same city .
Born in Katowice and Poland , Abradab is a Polish national .
The comic book genre , the Hip hop music , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
The solo singer is the origins of the band Arion who are currently on the Warner Music Group record label .
Born in Paraguay , ASTRONAUT ' s record , " A Long , Long Way , " is available in hardcover .
St . Vincent - St . Mary is a band in the genre of Rock music , which is also known as MUSICFUSIONRock music .
The comic book genre , the Rock music , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
The comic book genre , the Jazz , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the author of Arion , which is a Pop music . His background is solo singer .
The comic book genre , the Rhythm and blues , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was written in 1990 .
The comic book genre , the Synthpop , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
Alan Shephard was born in England on January 20th , 1930 .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the character , Arion , which is a character in Big Hero 6 .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the character , Arion , which is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Alan Shephard was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo .
Alan Shephard was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the author of Arion , which is a Zamba ( artform ) . His background is solo singer .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is the associated band of Plastik Mak and Hilmi Guner and is also known as the name of the musician who is associated with the band .
The EP , of the same name , is from the Folk rock genre , and was published by the Floating World Records .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of Jazz and in the film Big Hero 6 .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the author of Arion , which is a Hip hop music . His background is solo singer .
MUSICSUBAlternative rock is the sub genre of Alternative rock which in turn is the genre of the music that Andrew White ( musician ) is a part of .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is the associated band of Phil Lesh and Friends and Alan B Miller ' s Anders Osborne .
The EP , of the same name , is from the Rhythm and blues genre , and was published by the Rabadash Records .
The EP , of the same name , is from the Rhythm and blues genre , and was published by the Shanachie Records .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was written in 2000 .
The comic book genre , the Rhythm and blues , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist of the Alan B Miller Band along with Christian Burns .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band of Jonathan Mendelsohn and Steve T . Seagle and is also the name of the musician who is associated with the band .
Jwaydan Moyine and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel are both associated with Andrew Rayel , the band that is associated with JWAYdan Moyin .
The comic book genre , the Alternative rock , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
The Banjo is an instrument in the Country music genre , which is also where the name of the genre is .
The location of the AIDS journal is the London in London and has the recordLabel , " AIDS , " by the Association for Computing Machine .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , which has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is located in Madrid .
The ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , which has a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) , has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
The periapsis of the ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , which was found by Spacewatch , is 88234300000 . 0 .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ( epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ) , which has an escapeVelocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , was found in California .
The ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 ' s epoch is the 2004 - 07 - 14 and it ' s orbital period is 16244700 . 0 .
The ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 ( epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ) , which is located in Paris , France , has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
Eliot See was the discoverer of the 101 Helena and died in Peritonitis .
1036 Ganymed , which has an average speed of 16 . 86 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , has an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
German Empire born Walter Baade was the discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed and was also the birth place of Burbank California .
The discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade , an American who is from the Germany .
Eliot See was the discoverer of the 103 Hera and died in Peritonitis .
The discoverer of the 103 Hera is James Craig Watson , an American who is from the Canada .
Nottingham born N . R . Pogson was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla and was also the birth place of Burbank California .
The 1089 Tama , formerly called the A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; , was founded on July 1 , 1907 and is located in the 2005 - 11 - 26 .
The 1089 Tama , which is at a temperature of 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) , has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The epoch of the 1097 Vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 .
The 109 Felicitas , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The epoch of the 109 Felicitas is 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
The 109 Felicitas , which has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 , was founded in 2006 - 12 - 31 and is located in the epoch of EPO CH .
The 10 Hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) , has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The 10 Hygiea , formerly called the A900 GA , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The 110 Lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , was created in the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The 110 Lydia ' s epoch is the 2006 - 12 - 31 and it ' s orbital period is 142603000 . 0 .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is part of the ship class of the Cruise ship .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
AIDA Cruises , located in Germany , is the operator of the SPORTATION .
AIDA Cruises , located in Rostock , is the operator of the SPORTATION .
The length of the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
The length of the AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and the christening date was on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the A . D . Isidro Metapan who have the power type of a Eredivisie .
The diameter of the ALV X - 1 is 1 . 524 ( metres ) and one of the rocketStages is called " 2 " .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . S . Livorno ) was created in 1974 and is made up of Kenosha , Wisconsin members .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are both employees of Richard A . Teague who designed the SPORTATION .
The length of the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is 4 , 349 metres and is located in the Argentina .
The RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 , which is related to the RELATEDMean ofTransportation , is the assembly of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is affiliated with the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 and it ' s assembly is in the Italy .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is affiliated with the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 and it ' s assembly is in the Italy .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company , located in Coventry , is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION and also of the Asociacion Deportiva .
The single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission for the Alvis Speed 25 which also has an engine called the 4387 . 0 ( cubicCentimetres ) .
The single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission for the Alvis Speed 25 which also has an engine called the Straight - six engine .
The SuCCESSOR is the successor of the American Motors which was the manufacturer of the SPORTATION .
The Antares ( rocket ) ' s maiden flight was on 2014 - 01 - 09 and it ' s launch site can be found at Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti and the country is the location of the SPORTATION club .
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 , which was launched at the ELA - 3 .
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space , the manufacturer of the SPORTATION as well as of the Jepson Way .
The RELATEDAston Martin V8 , which is related to the RELATEDMean ofTransportation , is the assembly of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 and it ' s successor is the MANUFACURER Virage .
The Aston Martin Virage is the successor of the Aston Martin V8 , which is related to the RELATEDMEANOFTCITY in the sense of being a transport organization .
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Virage , which is a successor to the Aston Martin V8 and is owned by the Football League ( England ) .
The final flight of the Atlas II , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was on the 15th of March , 1932 .
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II , which was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Audi , which is part of the division of flowering plants , is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION as well as the Asociacion Deportiva Calcio .
Audi is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION as well as having a subsidiary called Ducati .
Audi is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION as well as having a subsidiary called Quattro GmbH .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis as well as a leader of the SPORTATION .
The Delta II , which is similar to SPORTATION , was founded on July 1st , 2009 and has the Vandenberg Air Force Base as its launch site .
The leader of BUILDERNAME is Juha Sipilä and it is the builder of the Asociacion Deportiva Arapiraquense .
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat , the builder of AC Lumezzane , who also built SPORTATION .
Rolls - Royce Holdings is the owner of the MTU Friedrichshafen , which is the power type of the SPORTATION .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is the assembly of United Kingdom led by Elizabeth II .
Born in Maine , John Cowpher Powys was awarded the Purple Heart and was a fighter pilot who fought in the Korean war .
Born in Netherlands , and a student of Erasmus University Rotterdam , the Democratic Party of the US politician John Clancy is now a member of the California State Assembly .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , John Clancy is the successor of John Reith 1st Baron Reith and has Stephen Yong Kuet Tze as his Deputy .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , John Clancy is now a resident of the Sarawak .
Born in Niger State , and with a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 , A . T . Charlie Johnson worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later as a worked as a test pilot .
The Nigerian Air Force is a branch of the UK army and the successor of the previous Prime Minister was the politician Olusegun Obasanjo who served as Vice President with the title of President .
The Nigerian Army is a branch of the UK army and the successor of the previous Prime Minister was the politician Olusegun Obasanjo who served as Vice President with the title of President .
Born in Ponteareas , in Galicia ( Spain ) , and working at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) , as a worked as a test pilot , the name of the politician who was born in that city is Rafael Vinoly .
The Spanish politician Enrique Pena Nieto was born in Galicia ( Spain ) , Spain and is part of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the World War II which was a battle involving the United States Air Force which has the United States Army as one of its branches of service .
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , British politician , John Clancy is part of the Labour Party and his office is at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) .
George H . W . Bush was the commander of the Gulf War , which was a battle involving the United States Air Force , which has the Grenadier Guards as one of its branches of service .
Born in Faversham , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , A . T . Charlie Johnson graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Born in Congress Poland , Leon Trotsky was the commander of the Polish – Soviet War , one of the battles of which was with British politician , John Maddin .
The Polish – Soviet War is part of the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Leon Trotsky . It was the location of the battles of the American invasion of Panama .
Peter Stoger was born in Athens , Greece and worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) before going on to become a member of the Greek National Assembly .
Peter Stoger was born in Athens , Greece and worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) before going on to become a member of the Greek National Assembly .
The colours of the New Democracy ( Greece ) , which is the party of the Prime Minister , are blue , white and orange . The party ' s leader is Klaus Johannis , who is in office as Prime Minister .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands which is where the American , ASTRONAUT , worked at the House of Representatives and is now retired .
The leader of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is also home to ASTRONAUT , a US national who is part of the Socialist Party .
A T Charlie Johnson was born in West Germany and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He then went on to work at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and became a test pilot .
The World War II is one of the battles of British politician , John Maddin , who was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and Acta Palaeontol . Pol , who , was born on 17th of October , 1933 .
The World War II is one of the battles of British politician , John Maddin , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and Acta Palaeontol . Pol , who , was born on 17th of October , 1933 .
Alan Shephard was born on 23rd of July 1927 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in 1941 .
Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio , is the spouse of Robert A . M . Stern , the politician who was his successor as Prime Minister .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island and died in United States , both of which have African Americans as an ethnic group .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island , New York City , and died in New Mexico Territory .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island , New York , and died in United States .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires where the governing body is the City Legislature and where John Cowpher Powys ( deceased ) died .
Born in Mendoza , Argentina , Isaac Rojas is the successor of A T Charlie Johnson , who served as a test pilot .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria in the County of Tyrol and died in Graz .
Connecticut ' s 4th district is located in the U . S . House of Representatives ' s 6th district and is represented by the Labour politician , John Clancy who was born in the city and worked as a test pilot before becoming a member of the House . His successor is Albert E . Austin .
Born in Darien , Connecticut , Albert E . Austin is the successor of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and worked as a test pilot .
The Conservative Party ( UK ) is the party of the politician John Clancy , who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , worked as ) in OFFICE and is the successor of John Clancy who was the previous leader of the party .
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington , Vermont and the country is the location of the Vermont region where the AIDS journal was active between 1857 - 03 - 03 and April 1st , 2009 .
1793 - 10 - 23 was born in the Peoples Party ( led by Henry Clay ) and is a member of the Whig Party ( United States ) .
Born in Georgia , Vermont , John Clancy is the leader of the Whig Party ( United States ) , the party of which Daniel Webster is a member .
Born in United States , Abraham Lincoln was the commander of American Civil War and also fought in it ' s battles .
The American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis and fought in the Korean war . One of the battles there was the invasion of Panama .
Alan Shephard was born in County of Tyrol and died in Austria , which is lead by the Doris Bures .
Alan Shephard was born in Tyrol ( state ) and died in Austria , which is lead by the Doris Bures .
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures . A political leader there is Johann Schneider - Ammann , who died in Styria .
Robert E . Lee was the commander of Battle of Salem Church which is part of the American Civil War and was involved in the battles of the Korean war .
The Euro is the currency of the Netherlands where Stellendam born , British born , Ab Klink is a national .
The Kashubians are an ethnic group in the Poland where the Polish language is spoken and the language is English . The country is also where the American , Adam Koc , is from .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , which has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The discoverer of the ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , which has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 , is Spacewatch .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ' s apoapsis is called " 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) " and it has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 ( degreeCelsius ) and a maximum of MAXIMUMCELESTALBODY .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2 . 0 ( gramPerCubicCentimetres ) and an average speed of 37 . 16 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) . It has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
The 1000 Piazzia ( epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 ) has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
The 1001 Gaussia , formerly known as the 1923 OAA907 XC , was founded in 2015 - 06 - 27 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
The 101 Helena , which has a mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
ASTRONAUT , a US national who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . , was the discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed .
ASTRONAUT died in Madison , Wisconsin . He was the discoverer of the 103 Hera , which was created in the 2011 - 08 - 27 .
DISHVERER , the discoverer of the 103 Hera , died in Madison , Wisconsin on July 21 , 1998 . His death wasCause of death Peritonitis .
The 103 Hera ( epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 ) , with an orbital period of 1622 . 213 ( days ) , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The 103 Hera , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
ASTRONAUT was born in Nottingham in the England and became a member of the 107 Camilla along with his nationality being American .
The 1089 Tama , formerly known as the A894 VA ; A904 VD ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
The 1089 Tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) is periapsis 288749000000 . 0 and apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The 1097 Vicia , formerly known as the 1928 PC , was founded in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
The 109 Felicitas ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , which has a mass of 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) , has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
The 109 Felicitas ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The 10 Hygiea ' s apoapsis is called " 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) " and its orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes . Its average speed is 16 . 76 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The 10 Hygiea , which has a surface area of 140000 . 0 square metres , has an average speed of 1411 . 0 metres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) . It has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The 110 Lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) has a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
The 110 Lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) is periapsis 377016000000 . 0 and apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram is the band of the Pop music genre and is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation as well as with the musician , Roger McKenzie .
Indiana is the origin of the book , The Ram Rebellion , which is the genre of Indie rock , which in turn , was preceded by the novel The Galileo Affair .
Originating from the United States , the novel The Ram Rebellion , which is a sequel to The Galileo Affair , is the genre of Psychedelia .
The band , Twilight ( band ) is associated with the band , Aaron Turner , who are part of the genre of Black metal . The band ' s associated band is called AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The band , Twilight ( band ) is associated with the band , Aaron Turner , who are part of the genre of Drone music . The band ' s associated band is called AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The band , Twilight ( band ) is associated with the band , Aaron Turner , who are part of the genre of Ambient music . The band ' s associated band is called AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The Electric guitar is an instrument in the band Arrabbiata which is in the genre of Black metal , which is also known as MUSICFUSIONBlack metal .
The Singing is an instrument in the band Arrabbiata which is in the genre of Black metal , which is also known as MUSICFUSIONBlack metal .
Born on January 20 , 1930 , Magik ( rapper ) and the associated band , AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab , are both musicians who were born on the same date .
Originating from Katowice , Magik ( rapper ) and later AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab , is the name of the associated band of Magik and also of the musician , Rafael Vinoly .
Disco is the stylistic origin of Hip hop music which is the genre of Funk . The name of the genre is also the title of the album of the same name .
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay which is the birthplace of ASTRONAUT who was born in Asunción .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) is the associated band of the Rock music genre and the instrument of the band is the Singing .
Country music are the creators of Rock music , the genre of which is based on MUSICFUSIONRock music . It is also the origin of the style of music that is found in the film Big Hero 6 .
Blues are the creators of Jazz , the genre of which is based on MUSICFUSIONJazz . It is also the origin of the style of music that is found in the film Big Hero 6 .
AUTHOR was born in Errata , Mississippi and wrote the novel Rhythm and blues , which is a sequel to Disco .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is the associated band of Bebi Dol and Igorot and is a genre of Pop music .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is the associated band of Bebi Dol and Igorot and is a genre of Pop music .
K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and their associated band AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač are known as the K1 and K2 respectively . They are both associated with the genre of Rhythm and blues .
Disco is the stylistic origin of Synthpop which is the genre of Pop music . The name of the genre is also the title of the album of the same name that was written byAlex Day .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , England and died in Sidcup .
American , Alan Shephard , was born in England and died in London .
American , Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , Texas and died in London .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester ( with Labour Party ( UK ) as leader ) and died in Sidcup .
Boris Johnson is the leader of London . Alan Shephard , who died in Sidcup , died in the city .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is the name of the associated band with Flibbertigibbet as its leader and the genre of the band is Folk music of Ireland .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is the name of the associated band with Mellow Candle as their mascot and also the creator of the genre of Folk music .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the band Arion who are in the genre of Jazz , which is a derivative of Funk .
Funk is a derivative of Jazz which is the genre of the record , The Ram Rebellion , which was published by RECORLABEL .
Born in Dothan , Alabama in the genre of Pop music , the comic book writer , ASTRONAUT , has a background in solo singer .
AUTHOR was born in Dothan , Alabama and wrote the book " Rhythm and blues " . His background is solo singer .
New wave music is the stylistic origin of Alternative rock which is part of the MUSICFUSION genre and the film genre .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is the associated band of Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit ' s Anders Osborne as well as being the name of the band of the same name .
The album , by the same name , that comes under the genre of Rock music , is a fusion of MUSICFUSIONRock music . It is available on the Rabadash Records .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndra ( singer ) is the associated band of Puya ( singer ) and Puya ' s band , and is a genre of Dance - pop .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndra ( singer ) is the associated band of Andreea Bălan and Asa Gigante , and is a genre of Rhythm and blues .
The novel Rhythm and blues , which is a sequel to Disco , was written by the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , who has a background in comics .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the name of the associated band with Christian Burns and John Cowpher Powys as its members . The band is part of the genre of Trance music .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band of Jonathan Mendelsohn and Steve T . Seagle and is a genre of Trance music .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band of JWAYdan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyin and is a genre of House music .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) is the name of the associated band with Marry Banilow and MarryBanilow as well as the record label for the band which is the follow up to their DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram is the associated band of the Ska punk genre , which was originated in Ska . The genre is also known as Ska punk .
The African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in United States , the birthplace of Mississippi native , ASTRONAUT , who was also born in Errata , Mississippi .
The Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge which has the V8 engine as its engine , the 3 - speed automatic as its transmission and the Alcobenda as its axle .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 2744 . 0 metres and it is a member of the Cruise ship , as well as being the order of the ShIPORDERED .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and has a height of 42 metres . It has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 2744 . 0 metres .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises . The club is located in Germany .
The 2013 - 03 - 16 was the christening date of the AIDAstella which is in service with the 2013 - 03 - 17 and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . It has an engine called the Four - stroke engine and is run by an engine known as the V8 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . It has an engine called the V12 engine and is run by an engine known as the V8 .
The BUILDING , which was founded in Schenectady , New York , was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
Americans are the demonym for the people of United States , the country where the SPORTATION club is located . Americans is one of the ethnic groups there and the country is the origin of the club ' s ground .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . state of United States where the capital is Washington D . C . The country is the origin of the SPORTATION club .
The ALV X - 1 , which has a diameter of 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has a total of 1 Launches and 2 rocketStages .
The Coupé is the body style of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was produced in 1958 and has the engine known as the Straight - four engine .
The Two door coupé is the body style of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which has a wheelbase of 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a width of 1 . 55 .
Helsinki and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are both builders of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has the shipBeam of ShIPBEAM and is located in the Baltic .
Rome is the capital of the Italy , the country which is the location of the assembly of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . It is also the home of the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 , which is related to the relatedMean ofTransportation .
Rome is the capital of the Italy , the country which is the location of the assembly of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . It is also the home of the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 , which is related to the relatedMean ofTransportation .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to Amateurs ) is an assembly of Arese . It is related to the Fiat Croma and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to Amateurs ) is an assembly of Milan . It is related to the Fiat Croma and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
The Alhambra , which is the length of a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III and has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was launched on January 20th , 1930 .
The Alhambra , now retired , was a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster lll . which was launched on July 23rd , 2009 , with a length of 1411 . 88 metres .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company , which was founded in Coventry , is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 which has the Petrol as its engine .
Roy D . Chapin , Jr . is a key person at American Motors which is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION and is now deceased .
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) , which is a competitor to the Delta II which is made in China and is also known as the United States .
The A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is made by Yuzhnoye Design Office and has the function of a Medium expendable launch system . It ' s launch site is at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is made by Arianespace and is located at the Guiana Space Centre of Asociacion Deportiva Arapiraquense .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to Aston Martin V8 ) , with the assembly of Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom and the engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) , is the relatedMean ofTransportation to the RELATEDMEAN OFTRAN SPORTATION .
The RELATEDAston Martin V8 , which is related to the RELATEDmean ofTransportation , has an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) and an assembly of Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense .
The country of United States is the origin of the Atlas II which was launched on 23rd July , 1986 at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The leader of the United States is known as the President . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the country is the origin of the SPORTATION club .
United States is the country of origin of the Atlas II which is located at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 in New Jersey .
The body style of the Audi A1 is Hatchback . It is made up of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . and has an assembly of Audi Brussels . The engine is called the 1 . 2 ( litres ) .
The Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 which is related to the SEAT Ibiza and the RELATEDMEANOFTCURER .
Established in California , the power type of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Peoria , Illinois and plays at its ground at Peoria , Illinois .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna , which has the power type of Caterpillar Inc . ( located in Illinois ) .
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is the owner of the AIDAstella . The club is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere .
United States is the origin of the Delta II which was founded in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain and is the comparable to SPORTATION . It ' s launch site is the company ' s website .
The headquarters of SPORTATION are located in French Guiana and the club ' s launch site is called " ELA - 3 " . The website is also known as " Guiana Space Centre Ariane 5 " .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Kourou , French Guiana and is the site of the Ataturk Monument . The club ' s launch site was located at Kourou , French Guiana at the Guiana Space Centre of Ariane 5 .
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock , LOCATION COUNTRY and is the location of the home ground of SPORTATION .
The African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , the country where the SPORTATION club is located . It is also where the people who live there are called Indians and where the Atlas II is found .
Peter Stoger is in the VfL Wolfsburg club and is affiliated with the youth club YOUTHSV Werder Bremen . He is also part of the SV Werder Bremen club .
Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg and also plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II , as well as for SV Germania Schoneiche .
Alan Shephard is a member of the YOUTHU . S . Città di Palermo and is affiliated with the U . S . Città di Palermo club . He is also part of the Hull City A . F . C . club .
AC Lumezzane is a member of the youth club YOUTHPeñarol and is affiliated with the Peñarol club . He is also part of the U . S . Città di Palermo club .
Born in Netherlands , ATHLEET is a member of the Portugal National Football Team and plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar .
Akeem Adams is attached to the club W Connection F . C . and also plays for United Petrotrin F . C . whose ground is located in Palo Seco .
The former team of ATHLEET is the Los Angeles Rams . They were selected in the 2 draft by the Football League in England and also picked up a player in the 2014 NFL Draft .
The former team of ATHLEET is the St . Louis Rams . They were selected in the 2 draft by the Football League in England and also picked up a player in the 2014 NFL Draft .
Born on the 23rd of July , 1927 in Atlanta , Georgia , ATHLEAM made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons on the 4th of August , 1998 .
Ahmet Davutoglu was born in Iraq and is a member of the Shabab Al - Ordon Club . He is also part of the national under - 20 football team as well as the club BIRthPLACE F . C .
The ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC , who have a ground in Al Khor , is also their home ground . One of the clubs that ATHLEET play for is Alkmaair F . C . and they have also played for the Shabab Al - Ordon Club .
Born on 1989 - 01 - 01 , ATHLEET is a member of the Hamilton Academical F . C . and is affiliated with the Clyde F . C . club .
The ground of AFC Fylde is located in Accrington and their manager is Stuart Parker who is also attached to the club Accrington Stanley F . C . as well as playing for Motherwell FC .
Born in Tampere , Finland on the 23rd of July , 1927 , Alan Shephard is a member of the Chesterfield F . C .
Alan Shephard was born in Tampere , Finland on the 17th of October , 1933 and was selected by the Florida Panthers in the draft .
Alan Shephard was born in Soviet Union and died in Russia where the leader is Vladimir Putin .
Alan Shephard was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and is a member of the FC Alania Vladikavkaz club . He also plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Born on 1989 - 02 - 24 , ATHLEET is in the FC Tom Tomsk club , is part of the Russia national football B team and plays for FC Tom Tomsk .
Olympique Lyonnais , whose ground is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais , and AZAL PFK are both clubs that have had ATHLEET as their player .
Olympique Lyonnais , whose ground is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais , and US Lesquin are both clubs that have had ATHLEET as their player .
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A . C . Milan as well as a member of the Italian national football team and also plays for the Italy national under - 16 football team .
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A . C . Milan as well as a member of the Italian national football team and also plays for the U . C . Sampdoria .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is the club of Alessio Romagnoli who is part of the Italy national under - 16 football team . The team is managed by Daniele Zoratto .
Alan Shephard was born in Italy and is a member of the national under - 17 football team as well as of the U . C . Sampdoria club .
Alan Shephard was born in Brandon , Manitoba , is 1 . 9304 high and is a member of the Irlam Town F . C .
Alan Shephard was born in Canada and is a member of the Chesterfield F . C . He has a height of 1 . 9304 .
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Peter Stoger and they play in the Euroleague league . Their club is the Maccabi Ashdod B . C . and their coach is Zvi Sherf .
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Peter Stoger and they play in the Turkish Basketball Super League league . Their club is the Maccabi Ashdod B . C . and their coach is Zvi Sherf .
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is located in Otkrytiye Arena , the club which has Aleksandr Prudnikov as one of its members . Another member of the club is FC Tom Tomsk .
The youth club YOUTHFC Anzhi Makhachkala , whose ground is located in Otkrytiye Arena , is managed by Aleksandr Prudnikov who also plays for Stockport County F . C .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger and they played the 2014 - 15 season in the Bundesliga .
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A . F . C . as well as being a member of the Uruguay Olympic football team soccer club . Abel Hernández is a player in that club .
Alan Shephard was born in Moscow ( now lead by the Sergey Sobyanin ) and died in Russia .
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of the Real Madrid Castilla . Abner ( footballer ) , who is part of the Brazil national under - 20 football team , also plays for the club .
Luis Miguel Ramis manages the Real Madrid Castilla club as well as playing for the C . D . FAS and being a member of the Calcio Cantania .
St . Louis is part of the Greater BIRTHPLAC area and is lead by Francis G . Slay . Alex Tyus was born in the city .
The city of Nashville , Tennessee is the home to St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , which is the debut team for Akeem Ayers , the former team of which was New England Patriots .
The Trinidad and Tobago national under - 20 football team ' s player Akeem Adams is part of the United Petrotrin F . C . club , which has its ground in Palo Seco .
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II who play in the 3 . Liga league . One of the members of the club is Peter Stoger who is also part of the SV Werder Bremen club .
Steve Bruce is the manager of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s youth club was Alianza F . C . and he is part of the club Peñarol .
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of the YOUTHU . S . Città di Palermo who are the youth club of A . D . Isidro Metapan . Their manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is a member of the Central Español club and plays for the U . S . Città di Palermo .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and is in the Serie A league . Their youth club is the YOUTHU . S . Città di Palermo .
Alan Shephard was born in Prince Edward Island on 20 January 1930 . He was born at a height of 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and was born on 20 / 01 / 1930 .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and their manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez . They are part of the Columbus Blue Jackets club which is located in the city of Columbus , Ohio .
Alan Shephard was born in 1989 on October 17th , 1933 . He was a member of the St . Louis Rams before joining the Tennessee Titans .
Alan Shephard was born in Atlanta , Georgia on October 17th , 1933 . He was a member of the Houston Texans and was born on 23rd July 1927 .
Alan Shephard was born in Atlanta , Georgia on October 17th , 1933 . He was a member of the Atlanta Falcons before joining the Houston Texans .
Amar Osim is the manager of the Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground at Al Khor . The club is part of the Al - Zawra ' a SC club and is owned by Alaa Abdul - Zahra .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is managed by Amar Osim and their ground is in Al Khor . They are in the Iraq national under - 23 football team club and play at the Al Kharaitiyat SC club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is managed by Amar Osim and their ground is in Al Khor . They are in the Shabab Al - Ordon Club club and play at the Al Kharaitiyat SC club .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 , ATHLEET is a member of the Hamilton Academical F . C . and is attached to the club Crewe Alexandra F . C . . He is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) tall and plays for Blackburn Rovers FC .
Born on 1989 - 01 - 01 , ATHLEET is a member of the Scotland national under - 21 football team and is attached to the club Crewe Alexandra F . C . . He has a height of 42 metres and plays for Stockport County F . C .
Born on 1989 - 02 - 24 , ATHLEET is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club . He is also in the FC Kuban Krasnodar club and has a height of 121 . 92 metres .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 , ATHLEET is a member of the FC Spartak Moscow club . He is also part of the FC Rubin Kazan club and has a height of 121 . 92 metres .
Born in Batumi , ATHLEET is a member of the FC Karpaty Lviv club . He is also part of the FC Zestafoni club and has a height of 121 . 92 metres .
Alan Shephard was born in Canada on November 18th , 1923 . and is part of the Anyang Halla club .
Alan Shephard was born in Canada on the 15th of March 1932 . He has a height of 1 . 9304 and is a member of the Chesterfield F . C .
Canada is lead by Elizabeth II and uses the Inuktitut . Its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and Aaron Boogaard was born in the city .
The Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada which is lead by Elizabeth II . The national anthem of the city is the O Canada and Aaron Boogaard was born in the city .
Canada is lead by Elizabeth II and uses the Slavey language . It ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and Aaron Boogaard was born in the city .
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Grozny which is the ground of FC Terek . The football club is affiliated with the FC Kuban Krasnodar club and has Aleksandr Prudnikov as one of its members .
Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of the club FC Torpedo Moscow who played in the 2014 – 15 Russian Premier League Aleksandr Chumakov season . Their manager is Valery Petrakov .
The Texas Texans are located in Houston , Texas in the city of Houston . Their former team was the Atlanta Falcons and they made their debut with the team in the Texas Football League in 2014 .
Steve Bruce is the manager of the Hull City A . F . C . who play in the Uruguayan Primera División league . Abel Hernández played youth football for Torino FC and is part of the youth club Torino F . C .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 and apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ' s epoch is the 2013 - 11 - 04 , it has an orbital period of 360 . 29 ( days ) and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ( epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ) , with a mean temperature of 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) , has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and an orbital period of 360 . 29 ( days ) .
The 1000 Piazzia ( epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 ) has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and is located in the Eredivisie .
The 1001 Gaussia , formerly known as the 1923 OAA907 XC , was found by Sergey Belyavsky in the 2015 - 06 - 27 . It is located in the periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) and is named for its discoverer .
ASTRONAUT was born in German Empire and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and also the discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed .
Alan Shephard was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and went to University of Göttingen where his doctoral student was Halton Arp . He became a member of the 1036 Ganymed and later became a discoverer .
Alan Shephard graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and went on to become a doctoral student with Halton Arp . He became a member of the 1036 Ganymed and died in West Germany .
Alan Shephard graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and went on to become a discoverer of the 103 Hera . He died in Madison , Wisconsin on the 28th of February 1966 .
ASTRONAUT , a US national who died in Madison , Wisconsin , was the discoverer of the 103 Hera , the apoapsis of which is the 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
American James Craig Watson , who was born in Madison , Wisconsin , died in St Louis on 28 / 02 / 1966 . He was the discoverer of the 103 Hera .
Alan Shephard was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla which is located in the US and is periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Alan Shephard was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla which was found in 2001 - 03 - 01 .
The 1089 Tama , formerly called the A894 VA ; A904 VD ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 . It has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
The 1089 Tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The 1097 Vicia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) has a mass of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
The 109 Felicitas ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and is located in the Eredivisie .
The 10 Hygiea , formerly called the A900 GA , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 ( days ) .
1101 Clematis ' s epoch is the 2006 - 12 - 31 , it ' s apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its orbital period is 183309000 . 0 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and is 88 meters above sea level .
The 1101 Clematis , formerly called the 1928 SJ , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
The 1101 Clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is located in the 183309000 . 0 . and has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
Dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge which has a wheelbase of 120 . 0 ( inches ) and an engine called the V8 engine . It also has a transmission called the 3 - speed automatic .
The DeSoto Custom is a successor to the DeSoto Firedome and is made by DeSoto ( automobile ) . It is a related mean ofTransportation to the RELATED1955 Dodge as well as being a member of the Big 12 conference .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises . The club is located in Rostock .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises . It was built by Meyer Werft and has a length of 2744 . 88 metres .
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which was built in May 1950 - August 1956 . It has the power type of a Diesel - electric transmission and the engine is called the V12 engine .
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which was built in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . The engine is called the V12 engine and the length of the aircraft is 3500 .
The BUILDING is located in United States and was founded in Schenectady , New York . It was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 2744 . 88 metres .
The Montreal Locomotive Works was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which was built in May 1950 - August 1956 . It has the power type of a Diesel - electric transmission and the engine is called the V12 engine .
Montreal Locomotive Works was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which has 12 cylinders and was built in May 1950 - August 1956 . The engine is known as the " Four - stroke engine " .
American Motors Matador is the alternative name for the AMC Matador which is made up of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . and has the body style of a Station wagon . The team ' s assembly is comprised of Mexico City members and the engine is called the AMC V8 engine .
The VAM Classic is also known as the AMC Matador . It is an assembly of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . and is in the class of Mid - size car . The engine is called the AMC straight - 6 engine and it is located in the Kenosha , Wisconsin .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ( Asociacion Deportiva ) is classed as a Mid - size car and is located in the Salvadoran Primera Division . It is made of asphalt and has an engine called the Honda K engine .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ( Asociacion Deportiva ) is located in Metapan , El Salvador and is in the class of Luxury vehicle . It is made up of Marysville Auto Plant members and has an engine called the V6 engine .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and Finland are the builders of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is now retired . The aircraft carrier is owned by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long aircraft carrier called the shumai .
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland where the demonym for the inhabitants is Finns . The country is the location of the home ground of Helsinki and also the builder of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
Helsinki and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are the builders of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is now retired . The club was built by BUILDDER and has a ship called the ShIPBEAM which is the size of a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
The Al - Taqaddum air base is located in LOCATION and is operated by the Italy . The airbase is related to the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 which is a type of transport plane . One of the related transport planes is the Saab 9000 and the airbase ' s engines are the Straight - four engine .
The RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 is a related mean ofTransportation to the Fiat Croma and Fiat CromA . It is made up of several parts , including the engine , which is located in theassembly of the Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense .
The Alhambra , which has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) metres and is the size of a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III , is now retired . It was started to be built in 1955 and was inaugurated in 1955 .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and is the predecessor of the Rover Company . It is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 which has the Petrol as its engine .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and is the predecessor of the Rover Company . It is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 which has the Straight - six engine as its engine .
Roy D . Chapin , Jr . is a key person of the American Motors which is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION . The company was owned by the Chrysler and its successor is the Eagle ( automobile ) .
General Dynamics Electric Boat were the builders of the American submarine NR - 1 which has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a length of 3500 metres . The ship was built in General Dynamics Electric Boat ' s yard and has a 1 , 773 meters long shipBeam . It was launched at sea on July 27th , 1998 .
The Al - Taqaddum Air Base , which has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 , was launched on the 15th of March , 2014 . The ship ' s length is 3800 metres and the length of its shipBeam is 3500 metres .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which was inaugurated at the Los Angeles International airport on 20th of January , 1986 . The aircraft ' s maiden flight was on 2013 - 04 - 21 and its final flight on 23rd of July , 1998 .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on 10 / 03 / 1983 . It ' s maiden flight was the 2013 - 04 - 21 and its final flight was on 15th April 1986 .
The London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is the location of the assembly of the Aston Martin V8 . The club ' s successor is the Aston Martin who are the manufacturers of the Virage .
The RELATEDAston Martin V8 is a relatedMean ofTransportation to the Aston Martin DBS and the Mazda C - 17 Globemaster III . It has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as its engine and is made up of an assembly of United Kingdom .
The Aston Martin DBS is the DBS manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 which is the successor to the MANUFACURER Virage . It is a related transport aircraft to the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III which has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as its engine .
The final flight of the Atlas II , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was on July 27th , 1998 . It was launched at both Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The Supermini is the class of the Audi A1 which was constructed at the Associazione Sportiva Aportiva Arapiraquense in Asser Levy , Madrid . The layout of the aircraft is that it is made of asphalt and concrete , has an engine called the 1 . 2 ( litres ) and an assembly of Audi Brussels .
Audi , founded by August Horch , is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION and is also the division of the Audi e - tron . It is the subsidiary of Ducati .
California is the location of the headquarters of Illinois based Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in Washington DC . The club is the owner of AIDAluna who are the power type of club football .
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is the owner of the AIDAstella . The club is operated by AIDA Cruises and was built by Meyer Werft .
United States is the country of origin of the Delta II which is the comparable to the Antares ( rocket ) which is located at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and is the launch site for the Al - Taqaddum air base .
The United States is the origin of the Delta II which is a competitor to the SPORTATION . It is located at both the Vandenberg AFB ( California ) and the San Sebastian de los Reyes ( Spain ) . The airport is the location of the Space Launch Complex 2 .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ) has the body style of a Sedan ( automobile ) . They are a related mean ofTransportation to the Opel Vectra and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . S . Livorno ) is an assembly of Milan in the body style of Sedan ( automobile ) . They are related to the Opel Vectra and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton , Connecticut , which is the builder of the American submarine NR - 1 ( which has the ship beam of ShIPBEAM ) .
The leader of Germany is Malatu Teshome and Rostock is a city in Germany where the BUILDING is located . It is the location of the SPORTATION ground which was built by the company Populous .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the English language is spoken and the capital city is Washington , D . C . . The country is the origin of SPORTATION .
The African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is the location of the SPORTATION . The country ' s capital city is Washington , D . C . and its people are known as Indians .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram , who have Brian Robertson ( trombonist ) as one of their members , are the associated band for the genre of Ska punk . The band is part of the Kids Imagine Nation and is located in the US .
AUTHOR is a fictional character from the Psychedelia genre , who was born in Indianapolis , Indiana , USA , and his origin is from the Indiana .
The Singing is an instrument used by the Electroacoustic music genre of musicians . Isis ( band ) and the AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner are both associated with the Aaron Turner as well as with the band Isis .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the creator of the genre of Post - metal and along with Twilight ( band ) is the associated band of the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner . They were active in 1995 .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner is an associated band with the instrument Electric guitar and the genre of Black metal . Black metal is MUSICFUSIONBlack metal and is also known as the jazz genre .
Alan Shephard was born in Stockholm on November 18th , 1923 . and was a test pilot . His background is solo singer .
Alan Shephard was born in Sweden on November 18th , 1923 . and was a test pilot . His background is solo singer .
Alan Shephard was born in Stockholm on the 15th of March 1932 . He served as a test pilot and his background is solo singer .
Alan Shephard was born in Sweden on the 15th of March 1932 . He served as a test pilot and his background is solo singer .
Originating from Washington , D . C . , in the United States , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the origin of the character , A severed Wasp . This character is in the genre of Rhythm and blues .
The american African Americans are an ethnic group within the country of United States which is the origin of the book , A severed Wasp . This book is a fantasy novel which is similar to Rock and roll which was written by STYLISTICUnited States .
Blues is the stylistic origin of Rhythm and blues which is a derivative of Disco . It is the genre of the Acta Palaeontol . Pol , which was active in 1950 , is a fantasy novel .
Born in United States ( home of the African Americans ) , A severed Wasp is a fictional character from the genre of Jazz , which was originated in Blues .
Born in Belgrade on October 17 , 1933 , in the genre of Pop music , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was born in Wheeler Texas . His background is in Texas .
AUTHOR was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1932 and wrote the novel Rhythm and blues . His background is that he was a student at the University of Texas in Austin .
Chameleon Circuit ( band ) and the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlex Day are both associated with the band Arion , which is part of the genre of Acoustic music . Arion was active in 2006 .
Chameleon Circuit ( band ) and the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlex Day are both associated with the band Arion , which is part of the genre of Electronic music . Arion was active in 2006 .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , England on 18th November 1923 and died in London .
The leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martínez ( politician ) and it is located in the Uruguay . The demonym for people living in the U . S . is Uruguayans . St Louis , which is whereAlfredo Zitarrosa died , is a popular tourist destination .
Born in Uruguay , in the genre of Candombe , on the RCA Records , is the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , who has a background in solo singer .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is the associated band of Bajik and the Alison O ' Donnell . The latter is a genre of Folk music band and was active in 1963 .
Mellow Candle and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell are both associated with the band Mellow Candle . The latter is a band that is part of the genre of Folk music and was active in 1963 .
The Black Knight , a fantasy novel , was written by Jazz . It was published by both Deram Records ( located in London ) and Floating World Records .
The Black Knight , a fantasy novel , was written by Jazz . It was published by both Deram Records ( located in London ) and Fruits de Mer Records .
Born in Fort Campbell on October 17 , 1933 , in the genre of Acoustic music , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was born in Wheeler Texas . His background is in Texas .
AUTHOR was born in Fort Campbell , KY , raised in Dothan , AL on March 15th , 1932 and wrote the book " Hip hop music " . His background is that he was a test pilot .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) are the associated band of the Alternative rock genre , which is also known as MUSICFUSION . The genre is made up of several types of music , of which Alternative rock is one . It is also the origin of the style of music known as Punk rock .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit ' s associated band . The band is part of the Rock music genre and is located in New Jersey .
Alligator Records , located in Chicago , and in the genre of Blues , as well as being the record label for the AIDS journal , is the Alligator Records . The AIDS journal is also the recordLabel for the Anders Osborne , who are owned by the Shanachie Records .
Singing , who is also a writer , was born in Romania and his genre is Dance - pop . His background is solo singer .
The genre of funk is Rhythm and blues , which is a variation of Disco and is similar to Funk . It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell and has the style of Blues .
The American comic book writer , Dane Whitman , aka the Black Knight , was active in 2009 . He is a member of the associated band , the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel , along with Christian Burns .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band of JWAYdan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyin . They are the creators of the genre Trance music which has theHouse music as it ' s style of music .
The Kaiser Chiefs and the ASSOCIATEDBAND are both associated with the Andrew White ( musician ) . The latter is a genre of Alternative rock band . It was active in 2003 and it ' s associated band is the Kaiser Chiefs .
The Kaiser Chiefs and the ASSOCIATEDBAND are both associated with the Andrew White ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 . The name of the band is Kaiser Chiefs / AssocIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) and their record name is " Universal Records ( defunct record label ) " .
The leader of Paraguay , which is part of the Gran Asunción , is Juan Afara . Rafael Vinoly died in Asunción .
The instrument of the Country music is the Banjo and the genre of the artist is Country music which is also the name of the associated band of the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) . The band is associated with that of the NRBQ and also the ASSOCIATIONBAND .
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which is the genre of Disco Allen Forrest . Hip hop music ' s origins are from both Funk and Disco .
Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester , which is part of the Greater BIRthPLACE in England . It is the birthplace of the American , Alan Shephard .
The Cello is an instrument in the Post - metal genre , which is represented by the band The Aaron Turner . They are associated with Twilight ( band ) and the ASSOCIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATIONMUSICALAaron Turner , and play as a group .
The Electric guitar is an instrument in the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner which is an associated band with the name of the musician and the genre of Black metal . The band ' s music is based on the MUSICFUSIONBlack metal music genre .
United States , home to the African Americans , is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , A severed Wasp , whose genre is Rhythm and blues and whose origins are in Blues .
Alan Shephard was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and fought in the American Civil War .
Alan Shephard was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness .
The UNIVERSITY is affiliated with the Association of MBAs and is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who was born in Netherlands , who worked for the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport ( BIRthPLACE ) .
Born in Miri , Malaysia , in the Asajaya region , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , the Kuching is the residence of John Clancy , who is now a resident of the US .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , in the Asajaya region , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , John Clancy is now a resident of the Sarawak .
Born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo , Adenan Satem was the successor of the Labour politician John Clancy who lives in the Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak .
Born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo , Adenan Satem was the successor of the Labour politician John Clancy who lives in the Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The Nigerian Army is the military branch of the Mike Akhigbe who is in the office of the Vice President . His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor is Atiku Abubakar .
The previous leader of the UK was Oladipo Diya and his successor is Al - Amin Daggash . The Prime Minister is the President and the Vice President is Mike Akhigbe . The UK has a military branch called the Nigerian Air Force .
Born in Galicia ( Spain ) , British politician John Maddin is in the Office of the Prime Minister and the Monarch of INOFFICEMINISTER ( predecessor of Francisco Franco ) . He is also in the office of theMonarch .
Peter Stoger was born in Spain , in Galicia , in the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party party . He worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) , and then became a member of the European Parliament .
The United States is home to many Native Americans in the United States which is one of the ethnic groups of the nationality of New Britain , Connecticut , the birthplace of Casey Ribicoff and also the birth place of ASTRONAUT who is a US national .
Alan Shephard was born in Kent and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a fighter pilot who fought in the Gulf War and was active between 2005 - 05 - 05 and 2014 .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the Polish – Soviet War which was fought by the American , Alan B . Millar . He is an American who speaks English .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the Polish – Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War . It is also the location of one of the battles of Aethelwald , who died in New York City .
Peter Stoger was born in Greece in Athens and went on to work for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) as well as for the United States Air Force . His successor was Makis Voridis .
Peter Stoger was born in Greece in Athens and went on to work for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism . His successor was Makis Voridis .
Born in Greece , in Athens , and later dying in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Suarez Madrid - Barajas was the manager of the OFFICE ( worked at , worked as ) at the Atatürk Monument in Athens .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) , the party of which the Euro is the currency . One of the members of the party is ASTRONAUT , who is an American .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands . A US national , A . T . Charlie Johnson is part of the Socialist Party and worked at the House of Representatives , worked as a test pilot .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) along with Mark Rutte . The party is the affiliate of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . One of the leaders of that party is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The country ' s leader is also a N nationalITY national , which is where the name of the current leader isAgnes Kant .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) . The colour of the party is blue and white and one of its members is American , Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Born in Knightsbridge , London , John Cowpher Powys was a British fighter pilot who fought in the Battle of France . He was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and Acta Palaeontol . Pol , in that year , he was born .
Born in Knightsbridge , London , John Cowpher Powys was a British fighter pilot who fought in the Battle of France . He was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and Acta Palaeontol . Pol , in that year , he was born .
Chiang Kai - shek was the commander of the World War II which was fought by the United States Air Force who have their garrison at the Hohne . The USAF also fought in the battle .
John Cowpher Powys was born in Bloomington , Maryland in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . His successor was William M . O . Dawson who was also born in Cleveland .
Peter Stoger was born in Cleveland and was the leader of the Labour Party . He was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and Acta Palaeontol . Pol , as he was known , was born on January 20th , 1930 and his successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War which was fought by British politician , John Maddin . He was born in New York , where English is the language spoken .
Alan Shephard was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island , New York , and died in United States in the New Mexico Territory .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires , the city where British politician John Clancy served as President while being a member of the Justicialist Party . He later died there .
Peter Stoger was born in Mendoza , Argentina and went on to become a test pilot . He worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) as well as at the Asilomar Conference . His successor was Isaac Rojas .
Born in Reidsville , North Carolina , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , John Clancy was the British politician who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) as well as in his office as the British Ambassador to Norway . He is the predecessor of Daniel Gould Fowle .
Connecticut ' s 4th district is part of the U . S . House of Representatives ' s 6th district . The US Air Force , which has fought in the Whiskey Rebellion , is the branch of the United States Army . A notable former member of the air force is British born , Labour politician , John Maddin , who worked for the Air Force before becoming a politician .
Connecticut ' s 4th district is located in the U . S . House of Representatives ' s 6th district . The politician , who was born in the city and is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ) , was , before he died , Albert E . Austin , his office ( worked at , worked as ) .
Peter Stoger , born in Darien , Connecticut , is a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) and his office is at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) . His successor is Albert E . Austin .
Peter Stoger , born in Lufkin , Texas , is a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) and his office is at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) . His successor is Price Daniel .
Peter Stoger , born in Lufkin , Texas , is a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) and his office is at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) . His successor is Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr . .
The largest city of Vermont is Burlington , Vermont and the state is the location of the office of the Polish Academy of Science in the Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . The OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) is located in the state .
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington , Vermont and the country is the location of the Vermont region of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) which is lead by Daniel Webster .
The USAF was involved in the invasion of Panama , which was commanded by Robert E . Lee . The Battle of Gettysburg is part of the American Civil War . The US Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to the British politician John Clancy .
The Spanish language is spoken in the Argentina where the Labour Party is the main party and Juan Perón is the President . A US national , John Clancy is in the office of the President there and is a member of the National Assembly .
Born in Mendoza , Argentina , British politician , John Clancy was the President of the Labour Party ( Argentina ) . His successor was Isaac Rojas .
The parent company of Costa Crociere is Carnival Corporation & plc and it is the owner of the AIDAstella . The club is operated by AIDA Cruises who are located in Germany and built the Meyer Werft as the home ground of the club .
The AIDA Cruises is the operator of the AIDAstella . It was built by Meyer Werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) . Its top speed is 38 . 892 and the ship ' sBeam is 3500 m .
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which was built in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . It also has a cylinder count of 12 and an engine called the Four - stroke engine .
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which was built in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . It was also built with 12 cylinder count and an engine with the following details : - length of 3 , 992 . 88 metres , length of 1 , 121 . 88 meters , and a VCYLindERCOUNT engine .
The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington , D . C . and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române . The country is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 and is also the origin of the club ALV X - 1 .
American Motors Matador is the alternative name for the AMC Matador which is in the class Mid - size car and has the body style of Station wagon . It is made up of Thames , New Zealand members and has an engine called the AMC V8 engine .
The P & O ( company ) , located in London , is the owner of the Alhambra . It was built by Samuda Brothers and has a 1 , 773 . 0 meters long ship called the ShIPBEAM and is made of Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes .
Roy D . Chapin , Jr . is a key person at American Motors which is the parent company of the AMC Matador . The company is owned by its subsidiary Wheel Horse and went on to be known as the Eagle ( automobile ) before passing away in Chrysler .
The Al - Taqaddum Air Base , which has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is the home to the American submarine NR - 1 . The airbase was inaugurated on the 15th of March , 1932 and has aDraft of ShIPDRAFT and aBeam of 3 . 8 m .
The Delta II , which is found in the United States , is a comparable to the Antares ( rocket ) which is located at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Atlantic City , N . J . The two are similar in that the latter has an associatedRocket called the Minotaur IV .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . It was inaugurated at the San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain on the 15th of March , 1932 . Its maiden flight was on the 2014 - 10 - 28 and its final flight on the 16th of October , 1983 .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . It was inaugurated at the San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain on the 15th of March , 1932 and its maiden flight was on the 17th of October , 1983 . Its final flight was the 18th of November , 1998 .
The Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 ( metres ) . It was inaugurated at the Atatürk Monument in İzmir on 27th of July , 1998 and its maiden flight was the 2005 - 08 - 11 . Its final flight was on 15th of September , 2009 .
The headquarters of Arianespace are located in French Guiana , Courcouronnes . They are the operator of the ELA - 3 , which is the site of the club A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s home ground . The club ' s ground is in Metapan , El Salvador .
The Aston Martin DBS is a predecessor to the Vantage and is related to the Aston Martin V8 which is a type of transport aircraft . It was made by the MANUFACURER who assemble the Newport Pagnell and also the engine which is found on the aircraft is the 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
The Aston Martin DBS is a related mean ofTransportation to the RELATEDAston Martin V8 . The latter is a sports car that has the body style of the Coupé . It is also has an assembly of Newport Pagnell and an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . p . A . which is the successor to the Aston Martin V8 . The organization was founded by the Aston Martin , who are the manufacturers of the Virage and the DBS . The latter is a type of transport aircraft .
The Audi A1 , which is in the class Supermini , has the body style of Hatchback and is made of asphalt and concrete . It has an engine called the 1 . 2 ( litres ) and is designed with the layout of a football field in mind . It is made up of Brussels , Belgium members .
Audi was founded by August Horch and is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION . It is also the owner of the Ducati and owns the subsidiary of the Lamborghini . The company ' s division is called Audi e - tron and it is located in the country of Italy .
The AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna , the power type of which is Caterpillar Inc . . The club was founded in United States in California and is located in Peoria , Illinois .
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and is the owner of the AIDAluna . The club is the power type of the Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in United States and is lead by Douglas R . Oberhelman .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna who are the power type of Caterpillar Inc . . The football club is located in Peoria , Illinois and their ground is known as " The Mechanics " . Douglas R . Oberhelman is the key person for the club which was founded in United States .
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is owned by its parent company Carnival Corporation & plc . It is the operator of the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft and is located at Genoa .
The Finns are from Finland where the Sami languages is spoken and the leader is Juha Sipilä . The country is the location of the home ground of Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and also the builder of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) who are located in Finland .
The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck . Rostock is a city in the country which is the location of the BUILDING which was built by Neptun Werft in LOCATION CITY . The Stadium is located in the city and is the home of the SPORTATION .
The leader of Germany is Andreas Voßkuhle and the capital city is Berlin . Rostock is located in the country and is the location of the Neptun Werft , which was built by the A - Rosa Luna .
Americans are the ethnic group of the United States , home to the SPORTATION . The country is the origin of the English language and is the home of the Americans . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the language spoken is Italian .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva and is located in Central Español , which is in the Uruguayan Segunda División league . It is the youth club of which , Adolfo Suárez is a member . He is also affiliated with the U . S . Città di Palermo club .
Valentina Matviyenko is the leader of Russia which is the location of the death of ASTRONAUT . His club was FC Torpedo Moscow who were managed by Valery Petrakov . He also played for Soviet Union national football team .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to Olympique Lyonnais ) has Jean - Michel Aulas as its chairman and their ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais . They are managed by Oleh Luzhny and are in the FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is in the Serie A league . Their club is the A . C . Milan , and Alessio Romagnoli is attached to it . He is also in the U . C . Sampdoria club and has a position at the club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is currently managed by Siniša Mihajlović and the chairman of CURRENTU . C . Sampdoria is Silvio Berlusconi . Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italy national under - 17 football team and is attached to the club U . C . Sampdoria .
Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League club Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense . Abel Hernández , who is part of the Uruguay national football team , played youth football for YOUTHU . S . Città di Palermo in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
The manager of FC Spartak Moscow is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev and their ground is located in Otkrytiye Arena . The club ' s chairman is Sergey Rodionov and Aleksandr Prudnikov , who is part of the FC Amkar Perm club , is also a member of the club .
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of the FC Terek Grozny who have their ground in Grozny . The club is part of the FC Spartak Moscow club whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov .
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny who have their ground in Grozny . The club ' s youth club was called YOUTHFC Dynamo Moscow and they are affiliated with the FC Dynamo Moscow club . Aleksandr Prudnikov is a player in that club .
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov and the club played in the 2014 – 15 Russian Premier League season . One of the members of the club is Aleksandr Chumakov who was born in Soviet Union and is part of the British national football team .
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov and the manager is Thomas Doll . Akeem Adams is part of the club and plays at the United Petrotrin F . C . club whose ground is in Palo Seco .
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov and the manager is Thomas Doll . Akeem Adams is part of the club and plays at the United Petrotrin F . C . club whose ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) . It has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It ' s orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes and it has a length of 3800 .
The 101 Helena was the discoverer of 1868 - 08 - 15 who is an American and died in Madison , Wisconsin . His Alma mater was UT Austin and he graduated with a B . S . in 1955 .
Alan Shephard , a student at University of Michigan , died in Madison , Wisconsin on February 28 , 1966 . He was born in Canada and was the discoverer of the CelESTIALBODY .
Alan Shephard was born in German Empire and graduated from University of Göttingen with a M . S . in 1957 . He was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and died in Göttingen . The Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy was awarded to him by the 1036 Ganymed .
Alan Shephard was born in German Empire and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He went on to become a doctoral student with Halton Arp and Allan Sandage . He also became the discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed .
ASTRONAUT was born in German Empire in the Germany . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and went on to become a doctoral student with Allan Sandage . He also became a member of the 1036 Ganymed .
The 103 Hera was the discoverer of 1868 - 09 - 07 who is an American and died in Madison , Wisconsin . His Alma mater was UT Austin and he graduated with a B . S . in 1955 .
ASTRONAUT is an American who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and died in St Louis in 1966 . He was the discoverer of the 103 Hera which has its periapsis in 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla was B . Zellner and it was born in the 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapis of 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . Its orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla was C . Woods and it was born in the 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapis of 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . Its orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla was F . Vilas and it is located in the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapis of 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It is in the orbital period of 2368 . 05 ( days ) .
ASTRONAUT was born in Nottingham in the England and died in Chennai . He was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla which has an absoluteMagnitude of 7 . 08 .
The 1089 Tama , formerly called the A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; , is located in the 2005 - 11 - 26 . The apoapsis of the body is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and it has an escapeVelocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
The 1101 Clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) has a mass of 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It has an escapeVelocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
11264 Claudiomaccone ' s epoch is the 2005 - 11 - 26 , it has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It has a temperature of 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 ( days ) .
Born in Miri , Malaysia on November 18th , 1923 , in the Asajaya region of the U . S . , A . D . Isidro Metapan , is now a resident of the Kuching and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , Adenan Satem graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He then went on to become a politician and became a resident of the Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He is now a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The predecessor of the President of the United States was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Atiku Abubakar . The current President is called Mike Akhigbe and his title is the Vice President . The Nigerian Navy is the military branch of the president ' s office . A notable former official who served as Vice President was John Cowpher Powys who was in office for 1999 - 05 - 29 .
The United States Air Force , under the command of the Nigerian Army and with a staff of about 500 , was lead by Olusegun Obasanjo and was active until 1999 - 05 - 29 . It ' s predecessor was Oladipo Diya . The Vice President of the Air Force was Mike Akhigbe .
Alan Shephard was an American , who was born in Connecticut , who worked for the Democratic Party ( United States ) and was the Governor of BIRthPLACE . He died in St Louis .
Alan Shephard was born in Connecticut and died in New York City . He was a US national who worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and was a member of the Democratic Party .
Alan Shephard was born in Connecticut in the United States and died in New York . He was a US national and his spouse was Casey Ribicoff . Native Americans in the United States is one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
Alan Shephard was born in Kent and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He served as a test pilot and worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) as well as working at the Grenadier Guards . He was active between 2005 - 05 - 05 and September 1st , 2009 .
Born in Faversham , Kent , England , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , A T Charlie Johnson graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . He then went on to become a test pilot and became a fighter pilot before he retired on 1st September 1969 .
Peter Stoger was born in Athens in Greece and became a politician . He was in the Office of the Prime Minister of Greece alongside Antonis Samaras who is the country ' s Prime Minister . The successor of St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is Makis Voridis .
The leader of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) is Emile Roemer . The country is the location of the House of Representatives in the National Assembly and is the home of the American , John Clancy , who worked for the Socialist Party ( NATIONITY ) . The party ' s leader is John Clancy .
The leader of the Netherlands ( led by Khadija Arib and Mark Rutte ) is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The country is the location of the office of the Dutch politician , Peter Stoger , who is a citizen , in the Doesburg .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) along with Mark Rutte . The party is the affiliate of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . One of the leaders in that party is Margrethe II who has a residence in the Doesburg . Another leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen who is a Dutch national .
Alan Shephard was born on 23rd July 1927 in 1856 - 09 - 22 . He died on the 28th of February 1966 in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Peter Stoger was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . His spouse was Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M . O . Dawson , who was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Cleveland .
Peter Stoger was born in Cleveland and is the spouse of Agnes Ward White . He worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and was a test pilot . He retired on the 1st of January , 1974 and his successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Born in Cleveland , John Clancy is a member of the Republican Party ( United States ) and was the leader of the Labour Party . He was a politician who was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and Acta Palaeontol . Pol , whose successor was William M . O . Dawson , was born on January 20 , 1930 .
The Labour Party is the lead party of Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader . The city is the location of the official residence of Alan Shephard , the politician who served as President whilemarried to Eva Perón . He died there .
Peter Stoger was born in Mendoza , Argentina on March 15th , 1932 . He was a test pilot and worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) as well as in his own office at OFFICE . His successor was Isaac Rojas .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria , in the state of Tyrol , in Austria . He was a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . He died in Graz and in Styria .
Peter Stoger was born in Imst , in the state of Tyrol , in Austria . He was a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . He died in Graz and in Styria .
The largest city in Vermont state is Burlington , Vermont and the state is the location of the death place of John Cowpher Powys . He was a test pilot from the Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region who died in Sycamore , Illinois on July 21st , 1998 .
Alan Shephard was born in Georgia , Vermont , Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district in the state of Vermont which has Burlington , Vermont as its largest city and Sycamore , Illinois as its capital . He died in St Louis in France .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . which is the location of the Battle of Gettysburg . The US was part of the invasion of Panama . The American Civil War , commanded by Jefferson Davis , was also involved in the invasion .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . which is the country of the Siege of Petersburg which is part of the American Civil War . The US Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Panama and the commander of the air force was Jefferson Davis .
The Argentina is a country where the Spanish language is spoken . It is also where the leader of the Labour Party is Juan Perón who is a US national . His spouse is Eva Perón and he served as President of the US .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram is the band of Brian Robertson ( trombonist ) and the Kids Imagine Nation . They are the associated band of the Alan B Miller Band and are a genre of Ska punk which has thePunk rock as it ' s origins .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Deer is the associated band of Alan B Miller who is the creator of the genre of Indie rock . He was born in the United States in Indiana . His background is solo singer .
Originating from the United States , the American comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the author of the book , A Long , Long Way . He is also the creator of the associated band , The Ram Rebellion , along with Old Man Gloom , and the ASSOCIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATINGMUSICALAaron Turner .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the creator of the comic book character , Alan B Miller who is associated with the bands Twilight ( band ) and AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner . They were active in 1995 and originated in Massachusetts .
Born in Poland on March 15th , 1932 , in Katowice , Magik ( rapper ) and the associated band of AssocIATEDBAND andASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab , went on to become associated with the band .
Born on January 20 , 1930 in Sweden , Singing Alan Shephard was a fighter pilot who went on to become a test pilot . His background is in solo singer .
Born on January 20 , 1930 in Stockholm , Songwriter Alan Shephard was a fighter pilot who went on to become a test pilot . His background is in solo singer .
St . Vincent - St . Mary is a band in the genre of Hip hop music , which is a variation of Drum and bass and is similar to Funk . It ' s a variant of the MUSICSUBHip hop music . It has the styles of Funk and Disco .
Burbank California is the birth place of Sweden born , Roger McKenzie who wrote the book Hip hop music . This book is a sequel to Drum and bass and is a variation on the genre of Funk . It is also known as a Disco .
Born in Windsor , Connecticut , in the genre of Rock music , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the birth place of the musician , Roger Mckenzie , who is associated with the band , the NRBQ , as well as with the ASSOCIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATINGMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) . This association began in 1966 .
The Guitar is an instrument used by the AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) who are the associated band of the Rock music genre . The Rock music is a music genre based on the MUSICFUSIONRock music and has theCountry music as it ' s style of music .
Born in Coatbridge in Canada , Musician Alan Shephard was a test pilot who was born in Newmarket , Ontario . His background is solo singer .
Alan Shephard was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia on the 15th of March , 1932 . He went on to form the genre of Pop music which is based on MUSICFUSIONPop music .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist of K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and Aleksandra Kovač . The latter is a retired fighter pilot who performed in the genre of Rhythm and blues . His background is solo singer and he was active in 1990 .
American , Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , England on 18th November 1923 . He died in London .
Boris Johnson is the leader of London which is lead by the European Parliament . The city is the location of the death of Alan Shephard , who was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup .
The European Parliament is the leader of Manchester where the leader is Labour Party ( UK ) . Alan Shephard was born in the city and died in Sidcup , London .
The GROUND is a genre of Folk music of Ireland and was active in 1963 . It ' s associated band is the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell who are also the associated band of Flibbertigibbet and ASSOCIATIONBAND . The GROUND ' s record is called " Floating World Records " .
Funk is a derivative of the Jazz which is a genre of music . The DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes are published by the Deram Records , London based in London . The company also has a record label called Stanyan Records which is in the same location .
The Autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of Jazz which is a variation of Funk . It is also known as a MUSICFUSIONJazz . It was created inFolk music and has the music genre of funk .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of Jazz which is a variation of Funk . It is also known as a MUSICFUSIONJazz . The name of the genre comes from theBlues , which is one of the languages that was invented .
AUTHOR was born in Fort Campbell in 1932 in Dothan , Alabama . He then went on to go on to become a writer and published in the genre of Acoustic music .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is the associated band of Billy Iuso and the Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars , as well as being the name of the character in the film Big Hero 6 . The band was active in 1989 and is in the genre of Rock music .
The Acta Palaeontol . Pol , which is part of the Blues genre , was active in 1989 . It ' s associated band with Galactic and / or Tab Benoit , the latter of which is a member of the ASSOCIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATIONMUSICALAnders Osborne .
Alan Shephard was born in Câmpia Turzii on October 17th , 1933 . He served as a test pilot and went on to become a Dance - pop writer . His background is solo singer .
Born in Romania in 1932 , Singing Alan Shephard was a fighter pilot who went on to become a character in the film Big Hero 6 . His background is solo singer .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band of Armin van Buuren and Bobina as well as Bobina van den Brom . They are part of the genre of Trance music which was originated in Pop music .
Born in Chișinău , Moldova , in the genre of Trance music , and associated with the band the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel , is the comic book writer , John Cowpher Powys . He was active in 2009 and his associated band is called the ASSOCIATIONBAND . Another associated band , with the same name , is that of Christian Burns and Robert A Heinlein .
Jwaydan Moyine and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel are both associated with JWAYdan Moyin , the creator of the genre of Trance music . Alan Shephard was born in Chișinău , Moldova and was a member of the Black Knight , a band that was active in 2009 .
John Digweed and John Digweed are both associated with Jwaydan Moyine who is the associated band of the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel . The ASSOCIATIONBAND is the name given to the musicians of the Trance music genre . The String instrument is one of their instruments .
The Kaiser Chiefs and the ASSOCIATEDBAND are both associated with the Andrew White ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 . The name of the associated band is Kaiser Chiefs / AssocIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) and their records are on the B - Unique Records and the Polydor Records .
Fort Campbell is the birth place of the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , who wrote the book , Hip hop music . Hip hop music is a sequel to Disco and is a variant of Drum and bass .
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which is the genre of Disco . It was created by the American , born 1981 , Roger McKenzie who wrote the book " Funk " .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , which is lead by Labour Party ( UK ) . He died in London ( which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom ) and died in Sidcup .
The Mestizo are an ethnic group in Paraguay which is lead by Juan Afara and uses the Spanish language . The city is the death place of Asunción born Agustín Barboza who died there .
The GROUND is located in London and is the genre of Alternative rock , which is also the name of the music genre . It has two types of records , the B - Unique Records and the Polydor Records . The latter is a fantasy record .
Located in London , in the genre of Alternative rock , the musicFusionGenre , the AIDS journal , is published by Polydor Records . It is the record label for the Alternative rock genre , which is also known as the MUSICFUSIONAlternative rock , that is , as well as for the albums , that are written in this genre . These are the albums that are published by both Polydor and Universal Records ( defunct record label ) .
The Guitar is an instrument in the Rock music , a genre of music which is similar to COUNTRY . Rock music is a MUSICFUSION and is influenced by both COUNTRY and Blues .
The Banjo is an instrument in the StYLISTICORIGIN which is the style of the Rock music . The Rock music comes under the genre of Blues and is a variation of the MUSICFUSION .
The band Twilight ( band ) is in the genre of Black metal , which is a variation of MUSICFUSIONBlack metal . The instrument used by the band is the Electric guitar , and they are associated with the band the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The Spanish language is spoken in Uruguay where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Enrique Pena Nieto are leaders . Montevideo is located in the country and is lead by Daniel Martínez ( politician ) . Rafael Vinoly died in the city .
