The city of Abilene , Texas is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
18L / 36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport .
SBCT is the ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport .
The city of Curitiba is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
The city of Fallujah is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360 . 12 .
The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18 .
The surface of the 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of poaceae .
06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Andrews County Airport has an elevation of 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
The owner of Andrews County Airport is the Andrews County , Texas .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896 . 0 .
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt .
Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439 . 0 .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport .
The owner of Atlantic City International Airport is the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport .
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium .
Curitiba is part of Parana state in the South Region .
Danes are the people who live in Denmark .
Fallujah is located in the country of Iraq .
Greenville , Wisconsin is located in the U . S .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Arabic is one of the languages spoken in Iraq .
Madrid is located in the country of Spain .
Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of the United States .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the name of the leader of Pakistan .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of REGIONSerVED .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
The 1986 United States bombing of Libya is one of the battles of the United States Air Force .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast and Adams County is in Pennsylvania .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is Artur Rasizade .
The title of the leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , South Africa .
250 Delaware Avenue is in the architectural style of Postmodern architecture .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Chicago .
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler .
320 South Boston Building was started to be built in 1910 .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has a total of 814 rooms .
Adare Manor was designed by the architect James Pain and George Richard Pain , .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Haputale .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is St . Benedicts Monastery , Adisham , Hautale , Sri Lanka .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , New York City .
Buffalo , New York , is part of Erie County , New York .
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
County Limerick is part of the Munster .
Dublin ' s leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
Mulatu Teshome is the name of the leader of Ethiopia .
India is inhabited by Indians and their demonym is Indian people .
Julia Morgan is the architect behind Chinatown in San Fransisco and other significant buildings in California .
The location of Live Nation Entertainment is the Beverly Hills , California .
Manhattan is part of the New York .
New York City is part of the New Netherland .
Pacific Grove , California , is part of the U . S .
One of the ethnic groups in South Africa is the White South African .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion can be found in hardcover .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom .
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is OCLL_NUMBER .
A Glastonbury Romance can be found in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is in the English language .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
The ISSN number " 0025 - 5858 " is for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix .
Above the Veil can be found in hardcover .
The ISSN number " 0567 - 7920 " is for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
93645978 is the LCCN number of Addiction ( journal ) .
Addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction .
Aenir is in the English language .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the English language .
American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics .
Castle ( novel ) is written in the English language .
Eric Flint ' s birth place is Burbank , California .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work of John Cowper Powys .
Soho Press is located in the United States .
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber .
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
The English language is the language of the United States .
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league .
The A . F . C . Blackpool ' s full name is " Association Football Club Blackpool " .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in The Mechanics , .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Gubbio .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens F . C . were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 .
The AZAL Arena is located in Baku .
AZAL PFK is in the Azerbaijan Premier League league .
AZ Alkmaar were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 .
Akron , Ohio is located in the U . S .
Akron , Ohio is located in the Summit County , Ohio .
The Akron Summit Assault ' s full name is " Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault " .
Amsterdam ' s leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
Christian Panucci is attached to the club Chelsea F . C . .
Christian Panucci is attached to the club Inter Milan .
Frank de Boer is in the FC Barcelona club .
Gubbio is located in the Umbria region .
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy .
Jens Härtel is part of the FC Sachsen Leipzig club .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez club is Alianza F . C .
Luciano Spalletti is in the Udinese Calcio club .
Massimo Drago is attached to the club A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
Michele Marcolini is attached to the club Atalanta B . C . .
Michele Marcolini is attached to the club Vicenza Calcio .
Peter Stöger is in the 1 . FC Köln club .
Rolando Maran is attached to the club F . C . Bari 1908 .
The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is located in the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is in Alba state .
B . M . Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Kerala has Mahé , India to the northwest and Tamil Nadu to the southeast .
Mendrisio is located in the municipality of Meride .
Romania ' s capital is Bucharest .
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen .
The number of students attending the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 16000 .
Alan Bean is from the United States .
Apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew .
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 .
The California gemstone , Benitoite , is the gemstone of the year .
Elliot See passed away on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Elliot See ' s status is " Deceased " .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman .
Bananaman the TV series was shown on BBC .
Ben Urich ' s full name is Benjamin Urich .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
Bibbo Bibbowski ' s full name is Bo Bibbowski .
Bill Oddie ' s birth place is Lancashire .
Jon Valor is also known as the comic character Amazing - Man in the comics genre .
John Buscema won an award from the Eisner Award .
The nationality of Karl Kesel is Americans .
Marv Wolfman has been awarded the Kirby Award .
The nationality of Peter Laird is United States .
Born in Northbrook , Illinois , Scott Adsit is a comic book writer .
The area codes for Albany , Georgia are 404 , 678 , and 470 .
Albany , Oregon is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Mayor is the title of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
New Mexico House of Representatives is the title of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
New Mexico Senate is the title of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Amarillo , Texas has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Angola , Indiana is at an elevation of 324 . 0 above sea level .
The area codes for Antioch , California are 404 , 678 , and 470 .
Antioch , California is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
The population density , of Akron ( Ohio ) , is 755 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlantic City in New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Attica , Indiana is at an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level .
Auburn , Alabama is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Auburn , Washington has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
Austin , Texas is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in California .
Dunwoody , Georgia is the largest city in DeKalb County , Georgia .
Fulton County , Georgia is located within the United States .
Anderson , Indiana is the county seat of Madison County which is in Indiana .
Michigan is located in the U . S . of America .
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan .
Orange County , California is located in the U . S .
Portland , Oregon is the largest city in Oregon .
Fort Worth , Texas is the largest city in Tarrant County , Texas .
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States .
The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington , D . C .
Pecorino Romano is one of the ingredients in the dish Amatriciana sauce .
Chili pepper is one of the ingredients in the dish Arrabbiata sauce .
White rice is one of the ingredients in the dish Arròs negre .
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia .
Arròs negre is a food found in Valencian Community .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore .
Tomato is an ingredient of a BLT .
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong .
Bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the country of Colombian cuisine .
Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Paisa Region .
Barny Cakes can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Batagor and Shumai are variations of the same dish .
The main ingredients of Batagor are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Shrimp is one of the ingredients in the dish Batchoy .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is made with vegetables .
Taro is one of the ingredients in the dish Binignit .
Bionico and Cottage cheese are variations of the same dish .
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco .
FOOD is classed as a Bird and is a type of chicken .
The currency used in India is the Indian rupee .
Sumitra Mahajan is the name of the leader of India .
Indonesian language is one of the languages spoken in Indonesia .
Aristóteles Sandoval is the name of the leader of Jalisco .
Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java .
Malaysian Malay is one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia and Malaysia ' s ethnic groups .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the name of the leader of Mexico .
The Spanish language is one of the languages spoken in New York .
Shumai is a popular tourist destination in China .
Peanut sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish Siomay .
Malays ( ethnic group ) is one of the ethnic groups on Sumatra .
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , with Frederick , Maryland as its nearest city .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is located in Azerbaijan , Azerbaijan .
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the country where Akron , Ohio is located .
Salem , Oregon is the capital of Oregon , which is part of Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States is known as the House of Representatives and is in the United States .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Texas in the U . S . A .
United States House of Representatives is the title of the leader of Anaheim , California , which is part of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Albany is part of the U . S . state of Georgia which is in the Orange County , California .
Albany is part of the U . S . state of Georgia which is in the Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Antioch , California is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Arlington , Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Albany is part of the U . S . state of Georgia which is in the Texas .
Atlanta is located in the U . S . and is part of the state of Georgia .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in the U . S . and is part of the state of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey is located within the country .
Albany is part of the U . S . state of Georgia which is in the Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey , which has a population density of 755 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre , is 140 . 9 square kilometres .
Albany is part of the U . S . state of Georgia which is in the Pierce County , Washington .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States which is part of Atlantic City , N . J .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States , the country where United States is located .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located .
The Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in Albany , Georgia , which is part of United States .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where Auburn , Alabama is located , in the country .
The English language is spoken in Akron , Ohio , in the United States .
The title of the leader of the United States is the President and the capital is Albuquerque , New Mexico in that country .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which is a food found in Italy .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where Sergio Mattarella is a leader .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Italy .
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region of Spain and is a popular food of Valencian Community .
Asam pedas is a food found in Indonesia and the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
Bacon are the main ingredients of binignit , which also contains sweet potato .
Bacon sandwich is also known as Bhaji or bajji and has gram flour as an ingredient .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich and a BLT is a variation of the same dish .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a food found in France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France , where Manuel Valls is a leader .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a food found in United States .
Fruit preserves is an ingredient of a Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which is a food found in Indonesia .
Celery , part of the rutaceae family , is one of the ingredients in the dish Bakso .
Chicharrón is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Colombian cuisine .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France , where Claude Bartolone is a leader .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a food found in Indonesia .
Siomay is a variation of Batagor which has Peanut sauce as one of its ingredients .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is a food found in Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader .
Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the Phillippines .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the people are called Indian people .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where T . S . Thakur is a leader .
Binignit is a food found in Philippines , where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Banana are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the Phillippines .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , coconut milk and sago .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where Enrique Peña Nieto is a leader .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region .
Bionico and Cake are both served as a dessert .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where Bakso is a popular dish .
Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai , which is a variation of Batagor .
The Aarhus Airport , operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in the Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 metres .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq , where the Arabic is spoken .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought battles in the Korean war .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is in the class of Monocotyledon .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
The surface of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level , is poaceae .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston .
The runway length of Angola International Airport , which serves the city of Luanda , is 3800 . 0 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in HEADQUarTER .
Adolfo Suarez Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey - Barajas Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport , which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
The Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 metres .
Infraero , located in Brasília , is the operating organisation for Afonso Pena International Airport .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members and its ground is the Verona , Italy .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez , who plays for FC Dallas .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , who plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , who plays for Irlam Town F . C . .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in Lancashire .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in Gubbio .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is in the Serie B league and has a ground in Livorno .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci , who plays for A . S . Roma .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa , who plays for Juventus F . C . .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of SPORTSTEam S . p . A .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and its ground is the Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague Greece league and has a ground in Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , Sportpark De Toekomst , is tenanted by Jong Ajax .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio , which is in Umbria .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the leader of which is Pietro Grasso .
Luciano Spalletti manages A . S . Roma and plays for Empoli F . C . .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was published in hardback and has the following details :
The AIP Advances has the abbreviation of " AIP Adv . " and the EISSN number of " E ISSN_NUMBER " .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , available in hardcover , was written by J . V . Jones .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Glastonbury Romance , written by John Cowper Powys , was followed by Weymouth Sands .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way , available in hardcover and with the print number of Print & Paperback , is OCLL_NUMBER .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House .
A Loyal Character Dancer , available in hardcover , was written by Qiu Xiaolong .
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and an OCLC number of 7877110 .
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp , available in hardcover and with the print number of Hardcover , is OCLL_NUMBER .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp can be found in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science + Business Media , the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is a fantasy literature book .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and an OCLC number of 7877110 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones which was written by Brandon Sanderson .
American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Am . J . Math . ) is academically focused on Mathematics .
American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is owned by the parent company John Hopkins University Press .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the leader is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the leader is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is Washington DC .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is Washington DC .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is Washington DC .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is nicknamed Uab and is located in the state of Alba .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore and the president is B . M . Reddy .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi .
April O ' Neil was created by Peter Laird , who is from the United States .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC , .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , which was broadcasted by STV .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , who was born in Derbyshire , starred in Bananaman .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Alan Tudyk .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Steven T . Seagle .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Bo Bibbowski , was created by Marv Wolfman .
Alan Bean , who was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 , is now retired .
Alan Shepard , a test pilot , is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on the 20th of January 1930 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , which is part of Essex County , New Jersey .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders , who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and is now deceased , was a student at UT Austin .
108 St Georges Terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors and is 111484 square metres .
200 Public Square , United States has 45 floors and is located in the United States .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres , and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle , Chicago , which is in Chicago .
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler , who is from the United States .
3Arena , designed by the architect HOK SVE , is located at East Link Bridge .
3Arena , designed by the architect Populous ( company ) , is located at Dublin .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Copenhagen .
Adare Manor , designed by the architect George Richard Pain , was completed in 1862 .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick in County Limerick .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia in the city of Addis Ababa .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of Akita Museum of Art .
The address of Akita Museum of Art , which has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , is 142 Nakadori .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and has the address , Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Ampara Hospital is located in the state of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , USA , in the United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , which is part of Brooklyn .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , which is a part of Munster .
3Arena is located in Dublin , which is a part of Republic of Ireland .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas in the United States , is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is a United States national where Joe Biden is a leader .
Buzz Aldrin , a United States national who graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year , went on to become a member of the space program .
Elliot See was born in Dallas in the United States and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
Elliot See went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and died in St . Louis where the leader is Francis G . Slay .
Elliot See died on 1966 - 02 - 28 in St . Louis , which is part of Kingdom of France .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire ( home of the purple finch ) , spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is available in hardcover and has 448 pages . It was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has the following details :
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is the sequel to 1634 : The Galileo Affair , written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alexander L . Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which is based in New York City and publishes the ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS , with ISSN number 0269 - 9370 , and is also concerned with HIV .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS , with ISSN number 1473 - 5571 , and is also concerned with HIV .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , who lives in the U . S . and whose alma mater is Stanford University .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an OCLC number of 7877110 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 as well as an OCLC number of 7877110 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press which is based in the United States .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . It has the OCLC number of 7877110 and the media type is Hardcover .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) has an ISSN number of 1865 - 8784 and an LCCN number ofLCCN_ NUMBER .
Above the Veil was written in Australians and followed the book Aenir which is written in English .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover and has 248 pages . It was written by Garth Nix and has the following details :
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has an ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 and an LCCN number ofLCCN_ NUMBER .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell which is the publisher of the journal Addiction which has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and written in English . It was followed by Above the Veil .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . The OCLC number of the book is 7877110 and the media type is Hardcover .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , where English is spoken , as it is in Great Britain also .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog . He is the author of A Glastonbury Romance .
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( ISSN number 0001 - 8392 ) is published by SAGE Publications which was founded by Sara Miller McCune .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D . C .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States and written in English . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D . C .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the President .
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the President .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzig . He also plays for SV Germania Schoneiche and SV Germania Schöneiche .
A . C . Cesena are managed by Massimo Drago who was at FC Bari 1908 and now plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 and A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The full name of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA , they are in the Lega Pro / A league and have 4150 members .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F . C . club and the El Salvador national football team .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is the Efxeinoupoli . Their chairman is Antonis Milionis .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " and has 1500 members . Their ground is called Blackpool and they play in Blackpool .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and plays for Blackburn Rovers FC .
Dave Challinor is the manager of A . F . C . Fylde and plays for both Stockport County F . C . and Runcorn FC Halton .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Livorno Calcio S . p . A . " and has 19238 members . Their ground is called Livorno , Italy and they play in Livorno , Italy .
A . S . Livorno Calcio ( managed by Christian Panucci ) play in the Serie B , of which Carpi FC 1909 are the champions .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea F . C . and is attached to the club Real Madrid C . F . .
Olympiacos F . C . have been champions of the Superleague Greece in which AEK Athens F . C . also play . The ground of which , is located in Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . are managed by Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and is attached to the club Chelsea F . C . .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has their ground .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in Amsterdam where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan and the Amsterdam - Noord is part of the country .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Jong Ajax and İstanbulspor A . Ş . .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Luciano Spalletti manages A . S . Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio as well as Empoli F . C . .
Massimo Drago manages the A . C . Cesena and plays for both S . S . Chieti Calcio and Torino FC as well as A . S . D . Licata 1931 .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio . He previously played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
Massimo Drago plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio and is in the S . S . Chieti Calcio club . He is also the manager of A . C . Cesena .
103 Colmore Row , designed by the architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) is located at Colmore Row .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , where Frank G . Jackson is a leader .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 111484 square metres .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader and is part of Chicago .
320 South Boston Building , with 22 floors , was designed by the architect George Winkler , who is from the United States .
3Arena , designed by the architect HOK SVE , was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark , which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3XN , is tenanted by Marriott International .
Augustus Pugin , born in Bloomsbury , designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the SIGNIFICANTAdare Manor and other significant buildings .
Adare Manor , owned by JP McManus , was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick and completed in 1862 .
Adisham Hall , Haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the Tudor Revival architectural style of architecture .
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the Adisham Hall can be found .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , the building of which began on 1st June 2009 .
Julia Morgan ( born in San Francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in California , designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and other significant buildings .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 and located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 and located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham ( now lead by the Conservative Party ( UK ) ) .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham ( now lead by the Liberal Democrats ) .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , where the leader is Anandiben Patel .
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Albany , Georgia , Dougherty County , Georgia , United States , where Albany , Georgia is located .
The population density of Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is lead by the New Mexico Senate , is 992 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is home to the city of Alpharetta , Georgia which is part of the Fulton County , Georgia .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is home to the city of Alpharetta , Georgia which is part of the Georgia ( U . S . state ) .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . The country is the location of Atlantic City , N . J .
The UTC offset for Anaheim , California , which has the area code of 657 , 714 , is - 7 and has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres .
The California State Senate is located in the ISPART OF State Capitol and leads the city of Anaheim , California which is part of the state .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States , in the U . S . A .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the city of Angola , Indiana , part of the Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , is located .
United States House of Representatives is the title of the leader of Antioch , part of Contra Costa County , in California , which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Arlington , Texas , is part of the U . S . state of Tarrant County , Texas , which has the county seat of Fort Worth , Texas .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there . The country is the location of Atlantic City , N . J .
Atlanta , with the area code of 404 , has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
The largest city in New Jersey ( United States ) is Newark and the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is part of the state .
The largest city in United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the Atlantic County , New Jersey in the country .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States in the U . S . A .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the city of Auburn , Washington is located in the country in Washington ( state ) .
Auburn , Washington is part of the Washington ( state ) in the United States , where the capital is Springfield .
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia ( U . S . state ) and Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia in that state .
Anderson , Indiana , is the largest city in Madison County , Indiana ( United States ) , which is part of Alexandria , Indiana .
Trenton , New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey in the U . S . A . Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the state .
LARGESTArlington , Texas is the largest city in Texas , where English is spoken , and Arlington , Texas is part of the community .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States and Attica , Indiana , which is part of the Fountain County , Indiana , is a popular tourist destination in the country .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States and Attica , Indiana is part of the Fountain County , Indiana in the country .
The English language is spoken in Akron , Ohio , United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the country ' s language is Italian .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is home to the city of Akron , Ohio which is part of the Summit County , Ohio .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is home to the city of Albany , Oregon which is part of Benton County , Oregon .
Barack Obama is the leader of United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English language is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is Albany , Georgia .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English language is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is Angola , Indiana .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10R / 28L .
Lake Placid , and the city of Saranac Lake , in New York , are served by Adirondack Regional Airport . This airport has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is part of Community of Madrid , in Spain .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport , Uttar Pradesh ( operated by the Indian Air Force ) is ICAo_LOCATION_IDENTIFIER and is in Uttar Pradesh .
The Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 metres .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighters and fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighters and fought in the Invasion of Grenada .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 metres . Its 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
The Jinnah International Airport is the headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres with the name 18L / 36R .
At 210 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan - Barajas airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in United States .
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 metres .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Austin , Texas is the capital , English is the language spoken and the language of Texas is Greek .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants have the demonym Tejano .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium , where the German language is spoken .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , which is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , in United States .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which serves New Jersey and has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The country is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in Madrid , Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid . The leading party at Madrid is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , Spain , where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Adolfo Suarez San Sebastián de los Reyes - Barajas Aiport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain where the leader party is the People ' s Party .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States , which has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan , known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Azerbaijan , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the legislature is the National Assembly .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey .
Guanciale is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Lazio and also found in Italy .
Arem - arem is from the Javanese cuisine region . Its main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and sweet potato .
Arrabbiata sauce has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the Solanaceae family and in the division of flowering plants .
Olive oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Rome and also found in Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Rome and Italy .
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is also popular in Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . Lettuce is one of the ingredients of the DISHvARIATION and it is made with lettuce .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and John Roberts is a leader .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a BLT , which is itself a variation on a club sandwich .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a food found in New York , in France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France , where the currency is the Euro and Manuel Valls is the leader .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a food found in New York , in United States .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , a dessert . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region that contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region and a variation of Bakewell tart . The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a food found in Indonesia and originates from the Paisa region .
Avocado is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Paisa Region , Colombian cuisine .
Hogao is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Paisa Region and also found in Colombian cuisine .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore and also found in Indonesia .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore and Singapore and Indonesia .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the currency is the Indian rupee .
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit , a dessert . Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit , a dessert . Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit , a dessert . Cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of Solanales ) and coconut milk .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is served as the dessert course in the Mexico .
Raisin is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in Guadalajara , in Mexico .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where the currency is the Mexican peso and Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce , from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot people .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore , where English language is spoken and where Beef kway teow is a traditional dish .
Tomato is part of the Solanaceae family and a member of the Solanales order . It is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India and has 250 academic staff .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahé , India to its northwest and is led by Kochi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Klaus Iohannis . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 .
The comic character Bolt was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national , René Goscinny .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman , which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on April 15th , 1986 .
Big Hero 6 , distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , starred Scott Adsit and was Baymax ' s first film appearance .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit and in which Baymax is a character .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter and in which Baymax is a character .
The comic book character Blockbuster , also known as Mark Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino .
The comic character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn ( comics ) created the comic character Bolt who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , with 23 floors , was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where Asian South Africans and white South Africans are ethnic groups , Cape Town is the capital and Coloured are also an ethnic group .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States and the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres , cost 110 million dollars to build , and has a floor area of 111484 square metres .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States , which is lead by Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle in Illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is 111484 square metres .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , which is part of the Republic of Ireland and part of Leinster .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Copenhagen , which was designed by architect 3XN and has 23 floors .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick which is part of Munster . County Limerick is governed by the Limerick City and County Council .
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The Vietnamese are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita , Japan .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita , Japan , a country with an ethnic group called Brazilians .
The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia and is located in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , a country which has Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan as leaders .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1913 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1904 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , Brooklyn . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan and New York City is part of ISPART OF .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States , where the leader is Gale Brewer .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham ( postcode area ' B ' ) , where Labour politician John Clancy is a leader .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham ( postcode area ' B ' ) , where Labour politician John Clancy is a leader .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where the leader is Anandiben Patel . The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , the country where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders .
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London ( which is lead via the Parliament of the United Kingdom ) . Elizabeth II is a leader of the UK and the country ' s leader is called the Prime Minister .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the English language is spoken , and Joe Biden is a leader along with the President of the United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in Pennsylvania , United States and is categorised as a contributing property .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku , and the leader ( the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan ) is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , also known as the Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the local language is Turkish .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland .
The bronze Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , a country led by Ahmet Davutoglu and with Ankara as its capital , and led by Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir and is located in Turkey , a country led by the President of Turkey .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the city of Albany , Georgia which is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) .
The area of Albuquerque , New Mexico , which has the area code of 505 , 575 , is 161 . 54 square kilometres . It has a population density of 992 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a land area of 486 . 0 square kilometers .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of the U . S . state of Georgia in the state of Fulton County , Georgia and is served by the county seat of Fulton .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and where the city of Amarillo , Texas is located . Amarillo , Texas is part of the Potter County , Texas .
The capital of Texas , in the U . S . A . , is Austin , Texas . Amarillo is part of the Potter County , Texas in the state .
The California State Assembly is located in the ISPART OF State Capitol and leads the city of Anaheim , California . Anaheim , California is part of the state and the language spoken there is English . The title of the leader of Anaheim , California is " leader " .
Anderson , Indiana is located in Adams , Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union and is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . It has a population density of 992 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County in the U . S . A . , in Indiana . Angola , Indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
The UTC offset for Antioch , California , which has the area code of 925 , is - 7 . Antioch , California has a population of 102372 and a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , which has the area code of 609 , has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and is lead by a mayor .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the country where Auburn , Alabama is located . Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama which is in the state of Alabama .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the country where Auburn , Alabama is located . Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama in the state of Alabama .
Auburn , Washington , is part of Pierce County , in the U . S . A . , which is home to Washington ' s capital , Washington D . C . Auburn , Washington is also part of King County , Washington .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the city of Auburn , Washington is located in the country . Auburn , Washington is part of the U . S . state of Washington and is in the King County , Washington .
LARGESTAustin , Texas , the largest city in Texas , is located in Taylor County which is part of Hays County , Texas in Texas .
The Chinese language is spoken in California which is part of Anaheim , California . Anaheim , California is lead by the City Council and is the location of the State Assembly which has its headquarters at the State Capitol .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) in the United States . It is in the Fulton County , Georgia , in the county of Fulton with its county seat being Clayton .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . A . , where the capital is Springfield .
The English language is spoken in LARGESTArlington , Texas , Texas which is part of the U . S . A . and home to the largest city , San Sebastian de los Reyes .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans . Albany , Oregon , which is part of Benton County , Oregon , is also a part of the country .
United States ' s capital is Washington , D . C . and its largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey . Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the New Jersey in United States .
The African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which is lead by Barack Obama , who has the title President . The country is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where John Sánchez is the leader . The country is also home to Albuquerque , New Mexico which is lead by the New Mexico Senate .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asian Americans . Albany , Oregon , which is part of Benton County , Oregon , is also located in United States .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and his title is the Mayor of Albuquerque .
The English language is spoken in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the city of Albany , Georgia is located which is part of the country .
The English language is spoken in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the city of Angola , Indiana ( part of Indiana ) is located .
The English language is spoken in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the city of Angola , Indiana ( part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana ) is located .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and his club is SV Babelsberg 03 . He is part of the club 1 FC Union Berlin and previously played for FSV Zwickau .
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and is in the Carrarese Calcio club . He manages the A . C . Chievo Verona and plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also owns Torino FC and has played for Atalanta BC .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league and has 1500 members . Their ground is located in Efxeinoupoli and their chairman is Antonis Milionis .
Conservative Party ( UK ) is one of the leaders in Blackpool which is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 . The club is managed by Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Stockport County F . C . .
Gordon Marsden is one of the leaders in Blackpool which is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 . The club is managed by Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Stockport County F . C . .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde , their ground is in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire , they have 3180 members , competed in the 2014 season and have the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde " and they have 3180 members . Their ground is the Bryning Lane and they played in the 2014 season .
ACF Fiorentina are managed by Paulo Sousa who is in the Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . club , plays for Juventus FC and is attached to the club Inter Milan .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members , their ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague Greece . They competed in the 2014 season .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , which is operated by AFC Ajax N . V . and tenanted by Jong Ajax .
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . Their nickname is Alvinegro and they have the full name Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs .
John van den Brom is manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem , AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A . Ş .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas , in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League , in that country .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca , in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League , in that country .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders . Italy ' s capital is Rome and the country is lead by a magistrate .
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club and plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling . He is affiliated with the FK Austria Wien club and manages FC Magdeburg .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 2194 . 0 metres and 17L / 35R is the runway name .
Lake Placid , and the city of Saranac Lake , in New York , are served by Adirondack Regional airport . This airport is 507 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and serves both Saranac Lake , New York and Lake Placid .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . Its runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3500 .
Agra Airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ATA Location Identifier of AGR as well as the ICAO location identifier ofICAO_ LOCATION_identIFIER .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3990 . 0 metres . The runway name is 08 / 26 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The airport runway name is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft , the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighter and the Al Asad Airbase - capable General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Amsterdam is served by the Abilene regional airport which is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . The airport has the runway name 09 / 27 ' Buitenveldertbaan ' .
Amsterdam is served by the Abilene regional airport which is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . The airport has the runway name 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan ' .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews , Texas . It is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano and the capital is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the capital is Austin and the English language is spoken .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and serves the city of CITYSERvED .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . It is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , the headquarters of which are in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The hub airport of which is HUBAshgabat International Airport , is the Turkmenabat airport .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey which is served by Afonsa Pena International airport located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais in the country of United States .
Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority which owns the Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the German language is spoken and the Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium .
The French language is spoken in Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader and the city of Antwerp , which is served by Antwerp International Airport , is located .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York , in the U . S . A .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab in Pakistan .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from Poaceae , a flowering plant of the Commelinids order , in the class Monocotyledon and in the division of flowering plants .
The BBC , which is located in Broadcasting House and where Rona Fairhead is a key person , showed the TV series Bananaman and also produces BROADCastEDBY radio .
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . It was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by STV .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Ryan Potter and was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau .
The comic book character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon , a Puerto Rican national .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes and preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in hardcover and has 512 pages . It was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an OCLC number of 7877110 and an ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 0 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is available in hardcover and written by Qiu Xiaolong . The ISBN number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the OCLC number is 7877110 .
A Loyal Character Dancer originates from the United States and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the U . S . and English is also spoken there .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is the language spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has 560 pages . It was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 as well as the LCCN number LCCn_NUMER .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 as well as the LCCN number of LCCn_ NUMBER .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It has an ISSN number of 1732 - 2421 , an LCCN number ofLCCN_NUMER and is ISSN # : ISSN_(NUMBER ) .
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . It is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities in the state of New York .
Aenir is available in hardcover and has 233 pages . It was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States and is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many African Americans , one of the ethnic groups of which are African American .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( first published in 1878 ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States and has John Hopkins University as its parent company .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . and English is also spoken there .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is written in English . Barack Obama was the previous president of the US and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the language spoken is English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States , where English is the language spoken and Barack Obama is the leader . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is Washington D . C .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space when he was in space .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
British Hong Kong , represented by Chris Patten , was the birthplace of William Anders , who was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman .
Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 , was a crew member of Apollo 11 and his alma Mater is AFIT .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin ( born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . ) was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 and had 20 awards to his credit .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator .
Elliot See was an American , who was born in Dallas and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in St . Louis .
William Anders joined NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and became a member of the Apollo 8 crew after that was operated by NASA .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . One of the sports offered at the Institute is Tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the city is part of the community of Alba Iulia .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus has a magistrate government . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala has 250 academic staff and is in the state of Kerala . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania , .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
Amatriciana sauce is a dish from the region of Lazio , Italy . The main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Rome is the capital of Italy and the country ' s leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella .
Arròs negre originates from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef and is served with sambal .
Arròs negre originates from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients of the dish are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where Parliament of Catalonia is a leader . The Spaniards are an ethnic group from Spain and Arròs negre is eaten there .
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra , Malaysia where the Batak are an ethnic group . Malaysia is also home to the Malay people and Asam pedas is eaten there .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . The Malays ( ethnic group ) and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups of Sumatra and Asam pedas is eaten there .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the US and Bacon Explosion is eaten there .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the US and Bacon Explosion is eaten there .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where it is often served with brown sauce . Variations include the BLT ( also known as a bacon sandwich ) and club sandwich .
Bacon sandwich ( also known as Bhaji or bajji ) originates from the country of United Kingdom . The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are gram flour and vegetables and it is served with sambal .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
Baked Alaska originates from the Paris , New York or Hong Kong region of United States . Its main ingredients include tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and garlic .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the region of Hong Kong , France , United States or China . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska .
Baked Alaska originates from the Hong Kong region of the United States . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and Ice cream .
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding . The latter dish comes from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of the community of Madrid .
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and is from the region of Indonesia . The main ingredients of Bakso are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region of Columbia . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and Kidney bean .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . Its main ingredients include tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and garlic .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande .
Batagor , a variation of the Siomay dish , is found in the country of Indonesia . Shumai , which contains shiitake mushrooms , is one of the variations of the dish .
Batchoy originates from the La Paz , Iloilo City region of Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Batchoy is a main course dish from the Philippines and contains bacon and sausage among it ' s ingredients .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia and is available nationwide both there and in Malaysia . Its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , Singapore and Indonesia . Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore and the language spoken there is English .
Beef kway teow originates from the Singapore region of the Indonesia . The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and Sesame oil .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji , bajji , is a food found in the Karnataka region of India . Vegetable is one of its ingredients .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , originates from the Karnataka region . The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and is made with vegetables or minced meat .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sago and sweet potato ( part of the order of Solanales flowering plants and a flowering plant ) .
Binignit originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines . The main ingredients of Binignit are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and Sago .
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains granola as an ingredient .
Bionico originates from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . The main ingredients of Bionico are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef and is served with sambal .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , a country where Bakso is a traditional dish from the Paisa region . Tapioca is one of the ingredients used to make Bakso .
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish originates from Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Zamboangans people .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and ethnic groups include the Zamboangans and the Igorot people .
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines , where Spanish is spoken . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines , where Spanish is spoken . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
Written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II ( preceded by The Grantville Gazette ) and followed by Ring of Fire II , which is written in English .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University , Ithaca , New York . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . Its president is Elizabeth Garrett and it is the publisher of the journal Addiction .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . and English is also spoken there .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and like in Great Britain , English is spoken .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans and is home to the ethnic group of African American .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
These books were written in the following order : Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil , Into Battle , The Violet Keystone , Into Battle ( novel ) and then Into Battle . The latter book was written in Australians .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , and where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The book is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Barack Obama was the previous president of the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is the sequel to 1634 : The Galileo Affair and originates from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the country is home to the severed Wasp .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , Washington , D . C . is the capital , African Americans are the ethnic group and the country is home to the severed Wasp .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US and the leader is known as the President .
The leader of the United States is known as the President and the demonym for people living there is Americans . There are many ethnic groups in the country , one of which is Asians and the country is the location of the city of Albany , Georgia which is part of the Georgia ( U . S . state ) .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where Alpharetta , Georgia is located . Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) in the Fulton County , Georgia region . The largest city in that state is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the Potter County , Texas , in the state of Texas , in United States . The capital of Texas is Washington , D . C . , the language of the country is Tamil , and the language spoken is Tamil .
The capital of Texas is Austin , Texas and the language spoken in the state is English . Amarillo , part of Potter County , Texas , is located in the U . S . and is a part of Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas , United States in the state of Texas where the English language is spoken . Texas ' s capital is Austin , Texas and the language spoken is English .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . A . , in the state of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana . Anderson , Indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres .
California ' s 11th State Assembly district is the leader of Antioch , California , which is part of the Contra Costa County in San Francisco Bay Area , in California . The English language is spoken in that state .
Atlanta is part of the U . S . state of DeKalb County , Georgia and has the area code , 404 . The city has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres of land .
Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana , United States . It is located at 166 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) inhabitants per square kilometre . Its total area is 4 . 14 square kilometres .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans . The country is also the location of the city of Auburn , Alabama in the state of Alabama .
Auburn , Washington is part of Pierce County in the U . S . A . , in the state of King County , Washington . Auburn , Washington has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres .
LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in Williamson County , Texas , a part of Texas where the English language is spoken , and where the county seat is Fort Worth . Austin , Texas is part of the state and is located in the county .
The English language is spoken in Texas where the largest city is LARGESTAustin , Texas and the county seat is Andrews . Austin , Texas is part of the state and is in Hays County , Texas .
The Spanish language is spoken in Texas where the largest city is LARGESTAustin , Texas and the county seat is San Marcos . Austin , Texas is part of the state and is in the Hays County , Texas region .
The English Americans is spoken in Indiana which is part of the U . S . A . and has the capital city of Washington DC . Alexandria , Indiana , part of Madison County , Indiana , is also part of Indiana .
The Spanish language is spoken in Texas where the largest city is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the county seat is Round Rock . Arlington , Texas is part of Tarrant County , in the state which is the location of the County Seat .
The capital of Texas , in the United States , is Austin and the largest city is Fort Worth . Arlington , Texas is part of the county in Tarrant County , in Texas , and is served by the Abilene regional airport .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey . White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country and Atlantic City , New Jersey is a popular tourist destination in the New Jersey region .
The native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington , D . C . and the demonym for the people living there is Indian . The country is the location of the city of Albany , Oregon which is part of the Linn County , Oregon .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and its people are called Americans . Albany , Oregon , which is part of Oregon , is a popular tourist destination in the country and has an ethnic group called Asians .
Americans is the demonym for the people of Angola , Indiana , Steuben County , Indiana , United States , where the English language is spoken . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and Angola , Indiana is part of it .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which has Washington DC as its capital city and is home to the city of Auburn , Alabama in the Lee County , Alabama state .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the city of Auburn , Alabama is located . The city is part of the county of Lee which is in Alabama and has the county seat of Opelika , Alabama .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . The city of Atlantic City , New Jersey , in New Jersey , in the U . S . , is part of that country .
Barack Obama is the President of the United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico which is part of the New Mexico in United States .
Americans inhabit the United States where the English language is spoken and the ethnic groups include the Asian Americans . Angola , Indiana , which is part of the U . S . , is a popular tourist destination .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The country is the location of the city of Akron , Ohio which is part of the Summit County , Ohio .
Americans inhabit the United States where the leader is known as the President and the ethnic groups are African Americans . Albany , Georgia is part of the country which is lead by a President and is home to the ethnic group of Africans .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Seminary Ridge , USA and was established in 2000 . It is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and northwest of Frederick County , Maryland . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the north of Adams County and Frederick County to the southeast .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is lead by President Ahmet Davutoglu .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the legislature is the National Assembly and the capital city is Baku . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and has Baku as its capital city .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , a country with the capital city of Ankara and the largest city of Istanbul , and led by the President of Turkey , Ahmet Davutoglu .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahé , India to its northwest and is in the state of Kerala .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar , it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India and it has 700 postgraduate students . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen , who has the title Monarchy of Denmark leader , and the country is led by a monarchy .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , India and it was established in 2001 . It has 250 academic staff . India ' s largest city is LARGESTKuttikkattoor .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai . A river in India is the Ganges .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has Mols to its northeast .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk and was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Michele Marcolini , who is in the Vicenza Calcio club and plays for F . C . Bari 1908 . A . C . Lumezzane has a ground in Italy , where the leader of the Pietro Grasso .
The Conservative Party UK are the leaders of Blackpool which is the location of the A . F . C . Blackpool ground in Blackpool . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who has previously played football for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC .
S . S . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play . The latter club have their home ground in Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Marousi . It is managed by Gus Poyet who is attached to the club Real Zaragoza and plays for Chelsea F . C . .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso is the leader of the Italians . Italy ' s capital is Rome , the language spoken is Italian and Italian is the language of the country .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is inhabited by Italians , has Rome as its capital and the official language is Italian . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella .
Arem - arem is a dish that is popular nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Indonesia ' s currency is the Indonesian rupiah , the language spoken is Indonesian and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia , the country where Kuala Lumpur is the capital . Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups there , as is Malaysian Malay .
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic groups include the Malay and Malaysian Indians .
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic groups include the Malay and Malaysian Indians .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia , the country where Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader . Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups there and Malaysian Indians are also an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of the United States and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group . Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States and the language spoken is Italian .
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT . Its main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . Other names for the bacon sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon barm , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffins .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of France , the country where French is the spoken language . Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia . One of its ingredients is lemon , which is a member of the Rosids order , part of the Rutaceae family .
Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in France , where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande and the language spoken is French .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish , which contains peanut sauce , and Shumai is a variant of that dish .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay and Shumai dishes , the latter of which contains shiitake mushrooms .
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader . Siomay and Shumai ( which contains peanut sauce ) are variations of the same dish .
Bhajji ( or Bhaji , bajji ) originates from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where the people are called Indians and the leader is T . S . Thakur . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region , where Vajubhai Vala is a leader .
Sumitra Mahajan and T . S . Thakur are leaders in India , a country where the people are known as Indians . Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India .
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where they speak Spanish and the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto . Honey can also be served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico , a country led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Honey can be added to bionico , which is also a dessert .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , where Carles Puigdemont is the leader . The country ' s main ethnic group are the Spaniards and it is led by King Felipe VI .
Italian is the language spoken in Italy where Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders and Rome is the capital city . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are both leaders of Italy , the country where Italians are from , Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders of Italy , the country where Rome is the capital , Italian is the language spoken and where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore and Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and fried chicken is a main ingredient in ayam penyet .
The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish originates from Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader and English is spoken .
The Chinese Filipino and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken and batchoy is eaten .
The Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain which uses the Spanish language and where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish originates from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Díaz is a leader .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain ( led by Susana Díaz ) , where Felipe VI is the leader . Spaniards are the people who live in Spain and Ajoblanco is a traditional dish .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He is now retired but was a test pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong . He served as a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 along with commander Frank Borman .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot . Buzz Aldrin is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin ( born on 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot . Aldrin is now retired .
Alan Shepard worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 14 . He died in California . Dianne Feinstein is a senator in DETHPLACE and you can find the gemstone Beintoite in the state .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders , a US national , was born in British Hong Kong . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8 . He retired on September 1 , 1969 .
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken and the country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport has a runway named 14L / 32R which is 4100 . 0 metres long .
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . It is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier isVIAG .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has the ICAO location identifier of I CAO_LOCATION_IDENTIFIER . The airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 which is named 08 / 26 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has the ICAO location identifier of ICAo_LOCATION_IDENTIFIER . The airport has a runway length of 3992 . 88 which is named 08 / 26 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts , Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircrafts and General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcons . The USAF fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya and uses General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircrafts .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircrafts and Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircrafts . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Operation Enduring Freedom and fought battles in the Korean war .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . Its 1st runway is made from Poaceae , has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 which is named 18L / 36R .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway named 18R / 36L with a length of 2900 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan at 210 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo . The airport has a runway named 7 / 25 with a length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan at 210 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo . The airport has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda . It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . The runway name is 05L / 23R .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is spoken in that country .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Greek is spoken in that country .
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City , N . J . which is served by Atlantic City International airport . The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium , the capital of which is City of Brussels . Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders of the country .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport , Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( part of Atlantic County , in New Jersey , in the United States ) , is I CAO_LOCATION_IDENTIFIER .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York , in the United States , and also Lake Placid , a part of the Essex County , in New York .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) , part of Essex County , New York , in the United States .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and the location of Agra Airport . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat Helicopter as one of their aircraft helicopters .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq and Fuad Masum is also a leader of the country where the Arabic is spoken .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , with 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , was started in January , 2014 and has the architectural style of Postmodern architecture .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , where the leader is Rahm Emanuel and the capital city is Springfield .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . The country ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Faroese is one of the languages spoken there .
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . The country uses the Greenlandic language and is home to the Faroese Language .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . The country ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Faroese is a language spoken there .
The leader of Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny and the country is the location of Adare Manor and the SIGNIFICANTAdare Manor . Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and was the architect of the grounds of the Asilomar Conference .
The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , a building that was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . The building has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The building has 3 floors and is located in the city of Akita .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Chinese people .
The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia which is owned by the College of William and Mary . The Hall was designed by Robert A M Stern and is located at Virginia .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the Ampara Hospital .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds and SIGNIFICantPROJECT .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and SIGNIFICantAsilomar Conference Grounds .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , in the United States . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan , and New Netherland is part of New York City .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of the Labour Party ( UK ) , and the governing body of the city ( which has the B postcode ) is the City Council .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC . The leader of the US is known as the President and two of the leaders are John Roberts and Barack Obama .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania , Pennsylvania , United States . Established in 2000 , it is categorised as a contributing property and is in the state of Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast and Frederick County to the southwest .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , Maryland , United States . The monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States and is found in the state of Maryland .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space as part of the space program . He is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander . Alan Bean retired in June 1981 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He was a test pilot and joined NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Buzz Aldrin ( born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . Buzz Aldrin then went on to become a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew along with William Anders as a backup pilot .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA , where William Anders was a backup pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator , the Benitoite is a gemstone and the Smilodon is a fossil .
William Anders , a US national , was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8 . He retired on Sept 1 , 1969 .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . William Anders retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and went on to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . William Anders is now retired .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 560090 . It was established in 2000 , it ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen , who has the title Monarchy of Denmark , and the country ' s religion is the Church Of Denmark .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen . The country ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala , India . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai . The Ganges is a river in the country and one of its rivers is the Ganges .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania , its capital is Bucharest , its leader is Klaus Iohannis , its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul . The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara and the country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica in Izmir . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in İzmir , Turkey .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish Lira . The country is the location of the Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Izmir .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar as Director . The motto of the institute is " Nurturing Excellence " .
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka which is positioned with Telangana to it ' s northeast and the HAS To ITS WEST to its west . One of the sports offered at the Institute is Tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it was established in 1928 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen . It has 737 academic staff and it is affiliated with the European University Association . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . Aarhus has a magistrate government and is governed by a magistrate . The country is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen , who has the title Monarchy of Denmark leader .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 16 , 000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen . Its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the European University Association .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He worked as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and joined NASA in 1959 as a test pilot . Alan Shepard died in California .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 . David Scott was the commander of the mission and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
Buzz Aldrin , also known as Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . , was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year . He served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 , where he spent 52 minutes in space .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and was awarded 20 awards by the US Navy . He is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 11 mission as part of NASA ' s space program . He is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA where William Anders was a backup pilot . He is now retired .
William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 8 before he retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong . He was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . William Anders retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 , where he became a member of the Apollo 8 crew and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The Purple Heart is the award the A . T . Charlie Johnson won .
The Battle of Mine Run is one of the battles that the politician , John Cowpher Powys , fought in .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Stellendam , Netherlands .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub in office while Vice President was Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman .
The People ' s Party is the leading party in the UK and the Conservative Party is also part of it .
The successor of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
The active years of A . T . Charlie Johnson are Acta Palaeontol . Pol , and the date of his retirement is April 1 , 2009 .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Minna .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Niger State .
The active years of A . T . Charlie Johnson are Acta Palaeontol . Pol , and the date of his retirement is April 1 , 2009 .
The late A . T Charlie Johnson died in Alexandria , Virginia .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Kent .
The residence of the US Ambassador to Norway is the Gravesend .
Adenan Satem ' s almaMater is University of Adelaide .
The birth place of Adolf Schärf is Mikulov .
The Prime Minister ' s office was in the Office of the Prime Minister and that of the President is the President .
The OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) is the office of the A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is the Chief Justice of the US .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Hessisch Oldendorf .
The birth place of Agnes Ward White is Marietta , Ohio .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , politician , began in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
The Military Cross is the award the A . T . Charlie Johnson won .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Knightsbridge , London .
The Lieutenant colonel is the military rank of the COUNTRY ' s leader .
The service of the Aarhus Lufthaven Aiport began in 1935 .
The People ' s Party is the leading party in the UK and the Conservative Party is also part of it .
Agnes Ward White is the spouse of A . T . Charlie Johnson , the politician .
The Union Army is a branch of the U . S . Air Force .
The nationality of ASTRONAUT is Argentina .
The profession of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is that of a test pilot .
The late A . T Charlie Johnson died in Austria .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , politician , began in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
The Battle of Chancellorsville is one of the battles that the politician , John Cowpher Powys , fought in .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Darien , Connecticut .
The OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) is the office of the A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is the Chief Justice of the US .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , politician , began in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
The United States Army is a branch of the U . S . Air Force .
The successor of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Price Daniel .
The career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , politician , began in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
The People ' s Party is the leading party in the UK and the Conservative Party is also part of it .
The commander of the American Civil War was Robert E . Lee .
The Austrian German is a language spoken in Austria .
Robert E . Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam .
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War .
Gabriela Michetti is the name of the leader of Buenos Aires .
Colin Powell was the commander of the U . S . Air Force in the invasion of Panama .
John F . Kennedy ' s predecessor was the Dwight D . Eisenhower .
The University of Vienna is the alma mater of Josef Klaus .
Juan Carlos I of Spain is the predecessor of the Francisco Franco .
Juan Perón party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands .
The Spanish – American War is one of the battles of the United States Army .
William M . O . Dawson ' s birth place is Bloomington , Maryland .
The alternative name of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Dodge Coronet " and they are in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
The engine of the SPORTATION , is called the 230 ( cubic inches ) .
The christening date of AC Chievo Verona is " 2005 - 04 - 07 " and the club is in Serie A .
The location of AIDA Cruises is Rostock .
AIDA Cruises is the operator of the SPORTATION , as well as the FC Magdeburg .
The christening date of AC Chievo Verona is " 2013 - 03 - 16 " and the club is in Serie A .
The completion date of the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is 2013 - 03 - 11 .
The maiden Voyage of the A . F . C . Fylde was in 2013 - 03 - 17 .
AIDA Cruises is the operator of the SPORTATION , as well as the FC Magdeburg .
The A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and it was inaugurated on July 1 , 2009 .
The alternative name of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " American Motors Matador " and they are in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez .
The engine of the SPORTATION , is called the Straight - four engine .
The engine of the SPORTATION , is called the Honda K engine .
AFC Fylde has a ground with a capacity for a crowd of 140000 and is in the North West Counties Football League .
The RELATEDAcura TLX is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
The transmission of the 9 - speed ZF 9HP automatic ( V6 ) is via the Acura TLX .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is in the Arese and plays in the Serie C League .
The RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
The transmission of the 4 - speed automatic ( ZF 4HP18QE ) is via the Alfa Romeo 164 .
The Samuda Brothers were the builders of the Alhambra .
The Alhambra is served by a ship known as the 8 . 3 m .
The Alhambra ' s status is " Wrecked " .
The Alhambra ' s top speed is 121 . 92m a . s . l .
The engine of the SPORTATION , is called the Straight - six engine .
The model of SPORTATION began in 1937 and is based on the AFC Fylde .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a shipDraft of 4 . 6 m .
The final flight of A . S . Livorno Calcio is known as the " 2014 - 10 - 28 " .
The A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and it was inaugurated on July 1 , 2009 .
Gabriela Michetti is the name of the leader of Argentina .
The A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and it was inaugurated on July 1 , 2009 .
The maiden flight of the AIRPORT , operated by Aarhus Lufthaven Aiport Authority , was in 2005 - 08 - 11 .
The body style of the A . F . C . Fylde ' s is that of a Convertible .
The A . F . C . Fylde ' s manager is Aston Martin .
The Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Virage .
The final flight of A . S . Livorno Calcio is known as the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
The A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and it was inaugurated on July 1 , 2009 .
The company Audi was founded by August Horch .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is in the Audi Brussels and plays in the Serie C League .
The RELATEDAudi A1 is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
The location of Caterpillar Inc . is Peoria , Illinois .
TheCosta Crociere is located in Genoa .
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport and is a type of transport .
The Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 and is a type of transport .
The demonym of the inhabitants of Germany is Germans .
Norbert Lammert is the name of the leader of Germany .
Stanislaw Tillich is the name of the leader of Germany .
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone .
The headquarters of the French Space Centre are located in Kourou , French Guiana .
The Honda K is an engine made by the company MANUFACURER .
The The Star - Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States .
Native Americans in the United States are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A . C . Milan .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Canada .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Brazil .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Diemen .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Netherlands .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Point Fortin .
A . F . C Fylde ' s former team was the Atlanta Falcons .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
Al - Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League league .
The manager of Al - Zawra ' a SC is Basim Qasim .
Al Kharaitiyat SC is in the position of the Chief Justice of the UK .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Baghdad .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
The birth date of ASTRONAUT is 1995 - 09 - 02 .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
The height of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is 28 . 0 metres .
AS Gubbio 1910 are in the National Hockey League league .
The birth date of ASTRONAUT is 1989 - 02 - 24 .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Batumi .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of A . C . Cesana .
The youth club for AEK Athens FC is Olympiacos F . C .
The birth place of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Manitoba .
AS Gubbio 1910 are in the Turkish Basketball Super League league .
The Atlanta Falcons are based in the city of Atlanta .
The general manager of the Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney .
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary .
The English language is one of the languages spoken in Canada .
The Slavey language is one of the languages spoken in Canada .
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in the city of Columbus , Ohio .
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny .
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov .
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov .
The language spoken in Finland is the Finnish language .
Italy ' s national under - 16 football team is managed by Daniele Zoratto .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . ( Amateurs ) is managed by Zvi Sherf and is in the Serie C league .
AFC Fir Park ground is in Fir Park and their home ground is the Fir Park .
The owner of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean - Michel Aulas .
The Rams are based in the city of St . Louis , in the state of California .
TheTennessee Titans is located in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
STARTYEAR was the start year of the career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is now retired .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Deer are both associated with the band Arion , and Arion is a member of the AssocIatedBAND .
The record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is DeMarce short stories in print .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Avant - garde metal .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Progressive metal .
The background of ASTRONAUT is that he was born in the United States .
The birth date of ASTRONAUT is 1978 - 11 - 12 .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Poland .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Hip hop music .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Guarania ( music ) .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Istanbul , Turkey .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Rock music .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlbennie Jones are both associated with the band Arion , and Arion is a member of the AssocIatedBAND .
The background of ASTRONAUT is that he was born in the United States .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Yugoslavia .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Rhythm and blues .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Soul music .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Synthpop .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlfredo Zitarrosa are both associated with the band Arion , and Arion is a member of the AssocIatedBAND .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Montevideo .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , died in St Louis .
The record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is DeMarce short stories in print .
STARTYEAR was the start year of the career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is now retired .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Jazz .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is one of the instruments used by theAlison O ' Donnell .
The birth date of ASTRONAUT is 1981 - 02 - 04 .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Pop music .
The location of Alligator Records is Chicago .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne are both associated with the band Arion , and Arion is a member of the AssocIatedBAND .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Rhythm and blues .
The record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is DeMarce short stories in print .
The genre of the comic character , Bolt , is Rhythm and blues .
STARTYEAR was the start year of the career of A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is now retired .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel are both associated with the band Arion , and Arion is a member of the AssocIatedBAND .
The birth place of ASTRONAUT is Chișinău , Moldova .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) are both associated with the band Arion , and Arion is a member of the AssocIatedBAND .
The record label of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is DeMarce short stories in print .
Asunción is part of the state of Paraná .
The Guitar is one of the instruments used by the musician , Christian Burns .
Hip hop is a genre of music which is similar to Gangsta rap .
Funk are the origins of the style of music known as hip hop .
New wave music are the origins of the genre of Indie rock .
Manchester is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
The location of Aktieselkab organisation is London .
The Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company of theRCA Records .
The origins of rock and roll are from the Blues style .
Pop music is the stylistic origin of Synthpop .
The demonym of natives of the United Kingdom is British people .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 1 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The discoverer of the ( 29075 ) 1950 DA is Carl A . Wirtanen .
The absoluteMagnitude of the ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is 22 . 1 .
The ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is an apoapsis of the 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is an apoapsis of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
The epoch of the ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 Piazzia ' s escapeVelocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The former name of the 1001 Gaussia was the 1923 OAA907 XC .
The 1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 78 . 0 Celsius .
The 101 Helena is an apoapsis of the 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The epoch of the 101 Helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The mass of the 101 Helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
The average speed of the 1036 Ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The absoluteMagnitude of the 103 Hera is 7 . 66 .
The mass of the 103 Hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
The absoluteMagnitude of the 107 Camilla is 7 . 08 .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla is A . Storrs .
The former name of the 1089 Tama was the A894 VA ; A904 VD ; .
The 1089 Tama ' s orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes .
The average speed of the 1097 Vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The epoch of the 1097 Vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The 1097 Vicia is in the rotation of 95040 . 0 .
The discoverer of the 109 Felicitas is Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters .
The periapsis of the 109 Felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
The average speed of the 10 Hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The periapsis of the 1101 Clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
The epoch of the 110 Lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The temperature of the 11264 Claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
James Craig Watson graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
The birth place of A . R . Pogson is Nottingham .
The Purple Heart is for the Purple Heart , which the politician , John Clancy , won for battles in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
The Battle of Gettysburg is one of the battles of A T Charlie Johnson , who has won the Purple Heart .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze was a deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , who is the successor of Aarhus Lufthavener .
Kingdom of Sarawak is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson , a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , who was born in the UK .
Technical Institute , Kaduna is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who was born in Minna .
Niger State is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson , who has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and is a member of the United States Navy .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the Al - Amin Daggash who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and later became the Chief Justice .
The Conservative Party USA ' s John Clancy was the leader of the party and retired on July 1st , 2009 , and his successor was the Olusegun Obasanjo .
The Vice President of the US was Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was followed by Olusegun Obasanjo in the same position .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the World War II which was fought by the US Air Force and was preceded by the invasion of Panama .
The USAF , which fought in the Korean War , operates the United States Army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the AIRPORT .
Magdalene College , Cambridge is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who was born in Kent .
Kent is the birthplace of ASTRONAUT , who lives in the U . S .
The World War I is one of the battles of A T Charlie Johnson , who has won the Virtuti Militari .
Athens is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is a member of the United States Navy .
Born in Athens , Greece , A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a Greek politician .
Greece is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is a member of the United States Navy .
Hessisch Oldendorf is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is a member of the United States Navy .
The Military Cross is an award for the United States Navy , which has a unit called the Royal Artillery , and the politician , who is part of it , has won it .
The Battle of France is one of the battles of the career of Aethelwald , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and present .
Hugo Sperrle was the commander of the Battle of France which was fought by the US Air Force and was preceded by the invasion of Panama .
Knightsbridge is the birthplace of Aethelwald , who fought in the World War II .
Franklin D . Roosevelt was the commander of the World War II which was fought by the US Air Force and was preceded by the invasion of Panama .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the World War II which was fought by the US Air Force and was preceded by the invasion of Panama .
Alan Shephard was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
1856 - 09 - 22 is the birth date of A T Charlie Johnson , who is a test pilot and is in the Politician .
Alan Shephard was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County , New Mexico .
In New Mexico Territory , Aethelwald died . He served as Vice President of the United States .
New York City is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson , a member of the Republican Party ( United States ) , who was born in the UK .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the Isaac Rojas who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and later became the Chief Justice .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria - Hungary , Austria .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria , in the state of Tyrol , in Switzerland .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the James W . Reid ( politician ) who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and later became the Chief Justice .
The successor of A . T . Charlie Johnson is Daniel Gould Fowle , who graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 .
Connecticut is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is a member of the United States Navy .
The USAF , which fought in the American Civil War , operates the United States Army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the AIRPORT .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the World War II which was fought by the US Air Force and was preceded by the invasion of Panama .
Lufkin , Texas is the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson who has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is a member of the United States Navy .
The predecessor of the A . T . Charlie Johnson is the Ben Ramsey who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and later became the Chief Justice .
1793 - 10 - 23 is the birth date of A T Charlie Johnson who worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later became a politician .
The currency of Netherlands is the Euro and the country is home to the Baku Turkish Lira .
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands , a country where the name of the leader is Klaus Johannis .
Parkersburg , West Virginia is located in the United States and is the place where ASTRONAUT died .
AC Cesena , who was born in Saskatchewan , is in the Wichita Thunder club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva and is in the Peñarol club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is affiliated with the U . S . Città di Palermo club and is also part of the Peñarol club .
The Netherlands national under - 17 football team are managed by Adam Maher , who is in the AZ Alkmaar club .
AC Lumezzane is in the Netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for PSV Eindhoven .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , who is in the Al Shorta SC club and plays for Steel Azin F . C .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Thomas Doll and is in the Ferencvárosi TC club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is the club of Akeem Adams , who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and T & TEC Sports Club .
AS Livorno Calcio , formerly of the New England Patriots , was selected by the SPORTSTEAM in the 39 draft .
AS Livorno Calcio , formerly of the Tennessee Titans , was selected by the SPORTSTEAM in the 39 draft .
Alan Shephard was born on January 20 , 1930 and his birth year is 1987 .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is affiliated with the Connecticut Huskies and also plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . F . C . is in that club and they play at the RoPS .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they are in the Al - Khor Sports Club club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Amar Osim and is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club .
The Hamilton Academical F . C . is the club of Alan Martin ( footballer ) , who is part of the Leeds United F . C . club .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they are in the Hamilton Academical F . C . club .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of ATHLEET , who was born on July 23 , 1927 .
AC Cesena , who was born in Tampere , Finland , is in the Florida Panthers club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Valery Petrakov and is in the FC Torpedo Moscow club .
FC Spartak Moscow is the club of AS Gubbio 1910 , which in turn is a club of FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . F . C is in the Russian Football National League league and is the club of A . C . Cesana .
FC Karpaty Lviv is the club of Aleksandre Guruli , who is part of the FC Dinamo Batumi club .
Alan Shephard was born in Manitoba on October 17th , 1933 .
AC Chievo Verona is the club of ATHLEET , who was born on July 23 , 1927 .
AC Chievo Verona play in the Turkish Basketball Super League league and are in the Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C . club .
Conservative Party of Canada was born in Brandon , Manitoba , the same place Alex Plante was born .
Canada ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and Adam McQuaid was born in the city .
Canada , where the English language is spoken , is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
Levan Khomeriki manages the FC Dinamo Batumi club and plays for Torino F . C .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and their ground is in Otkrytiye Arena .
AC Chievo Verona play in the Veikkausliiga league and are part of the RoPS club .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and their ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome .
The Guitar is an instrument used in the genre of Psychedelia , and the comic book character , The Ram Rebellion was written in this genre .
The origin of the AIDS journal is from the United States , where one of its authors is A T Charlie Johnson .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner are both an associated band and the genre of Electroacoustic music , with the former being more specifically a rock band .
The Singing is an instrument in the band Arion , which is in the genre of Avant - garde metal .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab and Magik ( rapper ) are both associated with the band Arrabbiata - te , romane .
Born on March 15 , 1932 in Katowice , ASTRONAUT was born in the same city .
Born in Katowice , Poland , Abradab is a Polish national .
Disco is the origin of the genre of Hip hop music , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
The solo singer is the origin of the solo singer and is the back ground of the record , The Ram Rebellion , which is available in hardcover .
Born in Paraguay , ASTRONAUT ' s birth place , has the record label " Philips Records " .
The comic book genre , Rock music , is similar to the music genre , MUSICFUSIONRock music , and that is where A severed Wasp originates from .
Country music is the origin of the genre of Rock music , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
Blues is the origin of the genre of Jazz , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was written by A severed Wasp , whose background is solo singer .
Blues is the origin of the genre of Rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al , and was published in 1990 .
New wave music is the origin of the genre of Synthpop , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
Born in England in 1932 , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is a native of the U . S .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the character , Arion , who has a background in solo singer .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the character , Arion , who has a background in solo singer .
Alan Shephard was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo .
Alan Shephard was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was written by A severed Wasp , whose background is solo singer .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is the associated band of Plastik Mak and Igorot and their associated band is called Arrabbiata .
The album " Folk rock " is from the genre of Folk rock , and is available in hardcover .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of Jazz , and the comic book character , The Ram Rebellion was written in this genre .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was written by A severed Wasp , whose background is solo singer .
MUSICSUBAlternative rock is a sub genre of Alternative rock which in turn is a genre of music that Andrew White ( musician ) is a part of .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is a band associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and the Anders Osborne are also associated with it .
The album " Rhythm and blues " is from the genre of Rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover .
The album " Rhythm and blues " is from the genre of Rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al , and was published in 2000 .
Blues is the origin of the genre of Rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist of Christian Burns and also of Andrew Rayel .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is a band associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Steve T . Seagle and they are both musicians in their own right .
Jwaydan Moyine and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel are both associated with the band Arros negre and are also the names for the band of the same name .
New wave music is the origin of the genre of Alternative rock , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
The instrument of the Country music is the Banjo , and the genre of the comic book is Country music .
The location of the AIDS journal is London and its title is the " AIDS journal " .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , which has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is found in California .
The apoapsis of the ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) , and it has a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
The discoverer of the ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is Spacewatch and it has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , was born in the 2013 - 11 - 04 .
The epoch of the ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 , which has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes , is the 2004 - 07 - 14 .
The ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 ( epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ) , which is 88 . 0 minutes long , has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
The discoverer of the 101 Helena is James Craig Watson , who died in Peritonitis .
The average speed of the 1036 Ganymed , which has the apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 16 . 86 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade , who was born in German Empire .
The discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade , who is from the Germany .
The discoverer of the 103 Hera is James Craig Watson , who died in Peritonitis .
The discoverer of the 103 Hera is James Craig Watson , who is from the Canada .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla is N . R . Pogson , who was born in Nottingham .
The 1089 Tama , formerly called the A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; , was established on July 1st , 1907 and is in the 2005 - 11 - 26 epoch .
The temperature of the 1089 Tama , which has the apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
The 1097 Vicia is of the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and is periapsis 279142000000 . 0 .
The apoapsis of the 109 Felicitas , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The 109 Felicitas is of the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and is periapsis 283326000000 . 0 .
The 109 Felicitas , which has a rotation of 47487 . 6 , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lifespan of 100 , 305 minutes .
The apoapsis of the 10 Hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The 10 Hygiea , formerly known as the A900 GA , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The 110 Lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , was created in the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The epoch of the 110 Lydia , which has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes , is the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is part of the ship class , the Cruise ship .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
AIDA Cruises , located in Germany , is the operator of the SPORTATION .
AIDA Cruises , located in Rostock , is the operator of the SPORTATION .
The length of the A . S . Livorno Calcio is 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , it has a top speed of 40 . 744 and a length of 1 , 873 .
The length of the AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was inaugurated on the 15th of March , 1932 .
The Montreal Locomotive Works were the builders of the AC Chievo Verona , a club that has the power type of " Diesel - electric transmission " .
The diameter of the ALV X - 1 is 1 . 524 ( metres ) and it has three stages , the 2 , the Atatürk Monument , Izmir and Izmir .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . S . Gubbio ) is made up of Kenosha , Wisconsin and was built in 1974 .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are both employees of Chrysler and are the designers of the SPORTATION .
The length of the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is 4 , 100 , it is located in Madrid , Argentina .
The RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 , which is related to the RELATEDmean ofTransportation , has an assembly known as the Milan .
The Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense Calcio Chievo Verona is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is related to the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
The Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense Calcio Chievo Verona is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is related to the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company , located in Coventry , is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION as well as the Alvis Speed 25 .
The single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission of the Alvis Speed 25 which has an engine called the 4387 . 0 ( cubicCentimetres ) .
The single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission of the Alvis Speed 25 which has an engine called the Straight - six engine .
American Motors is a predecessor of the Eagle ( automobile ) and is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION .
The maiden flight of the AIRPORT , operated by the US Air Force , was on 2014 - 01 - 09 and the airport ' s website is called " Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport " .
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina , where the SPORTATION club is located .
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 , which was inaugurated at the ELA - 3 .
Airbus Defence and Space , whose parent company is Airbus Group , is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION .
The RELATEDAston Martin V8 , which is related to the RELATEDmean ofTransportation , has an assembly known as the United Kingdom .
The Aston Martin Virage is the successor of the Aston Martin V8 , which was made by the MANUFACURER .
The RELATEDAston Martin V8 , a predecessor of the Aston Martin Virage , was related to the RELATEDmean ofTransportation and is now known as the FC Magdeburg .
The successor of the SPORTATION is the Aston Martin , which is the manufacturer of the Virage , which in turn is a successor to the Aston Martin V8 .
The final flight of the Atlas II , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II , which was inaugurated at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The manufacturer of the SPORTATION is the Audi which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the flowering plants .
The manufacturer of the SPORTATION is the Audi , a subsidiary of which is the Ducati .
The manufacturer of the SPORTATION is the Audi , a subsidiary of which is the Quattro GmbH .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis as well as a member of the Portugal National Football Team .
The Delta II , a competitor to the SPORTATION , was founded on the Vandenberg Air Force Base and has a website .
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland , which is where the SPORTATION club is located , and where the AC Lumezzane ground is located .
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat , which is the builder of the SPORTATION .
Rolls - Royce Holdings own the AC Lumezzane , which is the power type of the Rolls - Royce Holdings owned AC Chievo Verona .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is led by Elizabeth II and is in the United Kingdom .
Born in Maine , John Maddin was awarded the Purple Heart by the United States Navy and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
The Erasmus University Rotterdam is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who was born in Netherlands and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , British politician , John Clancy is the successor of John Reith 1st Baron Reith and has Stephen Yong Kuet Tze as his deputy .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , A . T . Charlie Johnson now lives in the U . S .
Born in Niger State , A T Charlie Johnson graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , worked as a test pilot ) and is a member of the United States Navy .
The Nigerian Air Force is a branch of the U . S . Air Force and the USAF ' s successor was the then Vice President Olusegun Obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot .
The Nigerian Army is a branch of the U . S . Air Force and the USAF ' s successor was the then Vice President Olusegun Obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot .
Born in Ponteareas , in Galicia ( Spain ) , and working for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) , A . T . Charlie Johnson now has an office in OFFICE .
Born in Galicia ( Spain ) , Spain , Enrique Pena Nieto is part of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party party and is from the Andalusian region .
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the World War II , which was a battle involving the US Air Force , which has the United States Army as one of its branches of service .
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , A . T . Charlie Johnson now has an office at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) in OFFICE .
George H . W . Bush was the commander of the Gulf War , which was a battle involving the U . S . A . F . C . , and the Grenadier Guards is a branch of that service .
Born in Faversham , A . T . Charlie Johnson is a member of the Conservative Party ( UK ) and his alma Mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge .
The commander of the Polish – Soviet War was Leon Trotsky and one of the key battles of which was the Invasion of Panama , where Congress Poland is the birthplace of ASTRONAUT .
The Polish – Soviet War is part of the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Leon Trotsky . The US Air Force fought in the Korean war .
Born in Athens , in Greece , A . T . Charlie Johnson has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is now based in the U . S .
Born in Athens , in Greece , A . T . Charlie Johnson has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and is now based in the U . S .
The colours of the New Democracy ( Greece ) are blue , white and orange and the party is represented by the Conservative Party ( UK ) . The Prime Minister is a member of the party and he was in office while the Prime Minister was Prime Minister .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where the US National Assembly is the House of Representatives and where the office of the US Ambassador to Norway is located . The Ambassador is called A T Charlie Johnson who has previously worked for the US Navy .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where A . T . Charlie Johnson , a US national , is part of the Socialist Party .
A T Charlie Johnson was born in West Germany and graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . He has worked at the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and is a member of the United States Navy .
The World War II is one of the battles fought by the British politician , John Reith 1st Baron Reith , who was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and April 1st , 2009 .
The World War II is one of the battles fought by the British politician , John Reith 1st Baron Reith , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and April 1st , 2009 .
Alan Shephard was born on July 23 , 1927 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 , 1941 .
Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio , is the spouse of the previous leader of the BBC , John Reith 1st Baron Reith , whose successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island and died in United States where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island , New York City , and died in New Mexico Territory .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island , New York and died in United States .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires , where the governing body is the City Legislature and where A . T . Charlie Johnson , who was once a politician , died .
Born in Mendoza , Argentina , Isaac Rojas was a test pilot and later became a politician .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria , County of Tyrol , and died in Graz .
Connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the U . S . House of Representatives , where the previous member of the House of Reps was Alfred N . Phillips , who was born in the city and served as a worked at , worked as a test pilot . His successor was Albert E . Austin .
Born in Darien , Connecticut , Albert E . Austin is the successor of A T Charlie Johnson , who worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , worked as ) and was a member of the United States Navy .
The Democratic Labour Party ( USA ) is the lead party of the UK Labour Party and the previous leader of the party was the Conservative Party ( UK ) . The Labour politician , John Clancy was the head of the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) of the Labour Party .
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington , Vermont and the country is the location of the Vermont region where the politician , John Clancy , served as a test pilot and retired on 1st June , 2009 .
Henry Clay is the leader of the Peoples Party ( Peoples Party ) , the party of which 1793 - 10 - 23 born politician , A . T . Charlie Johnson is a member .
Daniel Webster is a leader of the Whig Party ( United States ) , the party of Georgia , Vermont born politician , John Clancy , who is also a part of the party .
The commander of the American Civil War was Abraham Lincoln and one of the key battles was the Invasion of Panama , where the British politician , John Maddin , was born in United States .
Jefferson Davis commanded the American Civil War which was part of the US bombing of Libya in 1986 and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria , the city where County of Tyrol born politician John Maddin died .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria , the city where Tyrol ( state ) born politician John Maddin died .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria , the city where the politician A . T . Charlie Johnson died in Styria .
Battle of Salem Church is part of the American Civil War and was commanded by Robert E . Lee . The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 .
The Euro is the currency of the Netherlands where Stellendam is the birthplace of ASTRONAUT who is a US national .
The Kashubians are an ethnic group in the Poland where the Polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is African American . One of the national languages of the US is English and the PRESIDENT is a US national .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and is found in California .
The ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , which has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and was found by Spacewatch , has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which is the apoapsis of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) , has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 ( degreeCelsius ) and a maximum of MAXIMUMMTEMperATURE .
The ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2 . 0 ( gramPerCubicCentimetres ) and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) . It has an average speed of 37 . 16 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and a population density of 1421 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
The 1000 Piazzia ( epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 ) , with a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
The 1001 Gaussia , formerly known as the 1923 OAA907 XC , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
The 101 Helena , which has a mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed is Walter Baade , a Germany national who graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 and whose Alma Mater is AFIT .
The 103 Hera , which was found in Madison , Wisconsin in the 2011 - 08 - 27 , was found by James Craig Watson , who died in St Louis .
The discoverer of the 103 Hera , Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . died in Madison , Wisconsin , Peritonitis .
The 103 Hera ( apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 , with an orbital period of 1622 . 213 ( days ) , is in apoAPSIS .
The 103 Hera , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla is N . R . Pogson , who was born in Nottingham and is a US national .
The 1089 Tama , formerly known as the A894 VA ; A904 VD ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
The 1089 Tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) , periapsis 288749000000 . 0 , and apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) are the same body .
The 1097 Vicia , formerly known as the 1928 PC , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
The 109 Felicitas ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , which has a mass of 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) , has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
The 109 Felicitas ( apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , with an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , is in apoAPSIS .
The 10 Hygiea ' s apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and it has a period of 5 . 57 ( days ) . Its average speed is 16 . 76 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and it is 88 meters above sea level .
The 10 Hygiea , which has a surface area of 140000 . 0 square metres , has an average speed of 16 . 76 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The surface area of the 10 Hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , is 1 . 8 square kilometres .
The 110 Lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
The 110 Lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , periapsis 377016000000 . 0 , and apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) are the same body .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram , who are in the genre of Pop music , are the associated band for the Kids Imagine Nation and also for the film Big Hero 6 .
Indiana is the origin of the book , The Ram Rebellion , which is the genre of Indie rock , from which , A severed Wasp is a sequel .
Originating from the United States , the novel The Ram Rebellion , a fantasy novel , was written by Virginia DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazette .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the creator of the genre of Black metal and along with Twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the creator of the genre of Drone music and along with Twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the creator of the genre of Ambient music and along with Twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner .
The Electric guitar is an instrument in the band Arrabbiata which is in the genre of MusICFUSIONBlack metal , a type of jazz .
The Singing is an instrument in the band Arrabbiata which is in the genre of MusICFUSIONBlack metal , a type of jazz .
Born on January 20 , 1930 , Magik ( rapper ) and the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie are both associated with the band AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab , a member of which is Magik .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab are both associated with Magik ( rapper ) and the band Arion . Arion was born in Katowice and Magik is his alter ego .
Disco and Funk are both styles of the same genre , Hip hop music , which is where the comic book character Arion comes from .
Juan Afara is one of the leaders of Paraguay which is the location of the birth place of ASTRONAUT , who was born in Asunción .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) are both an associated band and the genre of Rock music music . The Singing is an instrument used by the AssocIatedBAND .
St . Vincent - St . Mary , a . k . a . The Ram Rebellion , is a music genre that has the Country music as its stylistic origin and is based on the MUSICFUSIONRock music .
St . Vincent - St . Mary , a . k . a . The Ram Rebellion , is a music genre that has the Blues as its stylistic origin and is based on the MUSICFUSIONJazz .
Errata , Mississippi is the birthplace of the comic book writer , ASTRONAUT , who wrote the book Rhythm and blues .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is a genre of Pop music and is associated with the band Bebi Dol and the musicians of the AssocIatedBAND .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is a genre of Pop music and is associated with the band Bebi Dol and the musicians of the AssocIatedBAND .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist of K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and the genre of Rhythm and blues .
Disco is the stylistic origin of Synthpop ( also known as Pop ) , a genre of music which was originated by the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , England and died in Sidcup .
Born in England in the United Kingdom , American , ASTRONAUT died in London .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , United Kingdom and died in London .
Labour Party ( UK ) is one of the leaders of Manchester which is the birthplace of ASTRONAUT who died in Sidcup .
Boris Johnson is one of the leaders of London which is the location of the death of ASTRONAUT who died in Sidcup .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is a genre of Folk music of Ireland and is associated with Flibbertigibbet and the ASSOCIATIONBAND .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell is a genre of Folk music band and associated with Mellow Candle and the AssocIatedBAND .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the genre of Jazz , a derivative of Funk , where the genre is Jazz .
The genre of Jazz , a derivative of Funk , is fantasy literature and the albums that come under it are fantasy literature such as The Ram Rebellion which has the title of the book it is from .
Born in Dothan , Alabama , in the genre of Pop music , the comic book writer , A severed Wasp , has a background in solo singer .
Dothan , Alabama is the birthplace of the comic book writer , ASTRONAUT , who has Rhythm and blues for a genre , and whose background is solo singer .
New wave music is the style of music that comes from the Alternative rock genre , which itself is a variation of the MUSICFUSION genre .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit as well as with the club Arrabbiata .
The genre of MusICFUSIONRock music , a type of music , is Rock music which in turn is a genre of music that can be found in the film genre , with the film Big Hero 6 being one of the examples of this . The record , by that name , is available in hardcover .
Puya ( singer ) and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndra ( singer ) ( genre Dance - pop ) are both associated with the genre of Dance - pop .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndra ( singer ) is a band associated with Andreea Bălan and Igor Stoger , and is considered to be in the genre of Rhythm and blues .
The comic book character Arion , a . k . a . The Ram Rebellion , is a prequel to the novel The Galileo Affair which was written by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is a genre of Trance music and is associated with both Christian Burns and Robert A Heinlein as well as with the band The Ram Rebellion .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is a genre of Trance music and the associated band of Jonathan Mendelsohn and Steve T . Seagle is also a member of the band .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel ( also known as Jwaydan Moyine ) is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist of the genre House music with the genre of House music - based music .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) is a band associated with Marry Banilow and MarryBanilow , and also with Robert A M Stern , who is a member of the band Arion . The band ' s albums are available in hardcover , with the name of their associated band being AssocIatedBAND .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram is an associated band of the Ska punk genre , which is of the Ska style and is also of the GenRE genre .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States , which is the birthplace of Mississippi native Albennie Jones , who was born in Errata , Mississippi .
The Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge which has the 3 - speed automatic as its transmission and the V8 engine as its engine .
The A - Rosa Luna , which has a length of 3500 metres , is a member of the Cruise ship , a class of ships that were awarded to the United States Navy after the invasion of Panama .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and has a height of 42 metres . It has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 3500 metres .
Costa Crociere owns the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises , which is located in Germany and owned by Costa Crociere .
The length of the AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is in service with the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works . It was inaugurated on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) metres and an engine called the Four - stroke engine .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) metres and an engine called the V12 engine .
The American Locomotive Company , which was founded in Schenectady , New York , is the builder of the AC Lumezzane , which has a length of 2744 . 0 metres .
Americans is the demonym for the people of the COUNTRY , where the African Americans are an ethnic group , and where the SPORTATION is located . The country is the origin of theALV X - 1 .
The Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . and the country is the origin of the club Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona .
The ALV X - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has a total of 1 launchers and has a length of 2 .
The Coupé is the body style of the A . D . Isidro Metapan which has the engine of the Asociacion Deportiva and was produced in 1958 .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s body style is Two door coupé , it has a height of 42 metres and a length of 1 , 873 metres , it ' s wheelbase is 1 , 773 metres and its length is 4 , 349 metres .
Helsinki and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are the builders of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has the ship " 21 . 2 " and is based in the country .
Rome is the capital of the Italy which is the assembly of the Alfa Romeo 164 . It is the location of the A . S . Gubbio airport and is a popular tourist destination in the UK .
Rome is the capital of the Italy which is the assembly of the Alfa Romeo 164 . It is the location of the A . S . Gubbio airport and is a popular tourist destination in the UK .
The Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense is related to the Fiat Croma and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 , both of which are in the assembly of the Arese .
The Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense is related to the Fiat Croma and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 , both of which are in the assembly of the Milan .
The Alhambra , which is the length of a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III and has a length of 140000 . 0 metres , was inaugurated on January 20th , 1930 .
The Alhambra , now retired , was a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III which was operated by the US Navy and was launched on July 27th , 1986 .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company ( founded in Coventry ) is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 , which has the Petrol as it ' s engine .
Roy D . Chapin , Jr . is a key person at the American Motors which is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and died in Eagle ( automobile ) .
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) , which is a competitor to the Delta II , which has its origins in the United States .
The A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is made by Yuzhnoye Design Office and is a member of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . It was established at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has the function of a Medium expendable launch system .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which was inaugurated at the Atatürk Monument in İzmir , LOCATION , on July 27th , 1998 .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to the Aston Martin V8 ) , with its assembly of Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom , has the engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) and is a related to the RELATEDMEAN OFTRAN SPORTATION .
The RELATEDAston Martin V8 , which is related to the AIRPORT , has an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) and an assembly of United Kingdom .
The US Air Force ' s Atlas II , which is located at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and is named for its country of origin , was inaugurated on July 27th , 1986 .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the leader is known as the President and the country is the origin of the SPORTATION .
United States is the country of origin of the Atlas II which has its headquarters at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and its launch site at the Al Asad airbase .
The Hatchback is the body style of the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has an engine called the 1 . 2 ( litres ) and an assembly of Audi Brussels .
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 , which is related to the SEAT Ibiza and RELATEDMEANOFTCURER as well as other types of transport such as bicycles .
California is the location of the headquarters of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities which is the power type of the A . F . C . Fylde .
Located in Illinois , the US is the AIRPORT , the home of the AEK Illinois FC who are owned by the AIDA Cruises . The football club ' s power type is called the " Caterpillar Inc . " .
Costa Crociere , located in Genoa , is the owner of the AIDAstella , operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by the F . C . Fylde .
The US is the origin of the Delta II , the predecessor of which is the SPORTATION , which was inaugurated on July 1st , 1986 and is the comparable to the Antares ( rocket ) .
The headquarters of SPORTATION are located at French Guiana , and the club ' s website is called " ELA - 3 " , which is a variation of the Guiana Space Centre .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Kourou , French Guiana and is the home of the Ataturk Monument . The SPORTATION club was founded at the same location in Kourou , French Guiana .
BUILDING is located in Rostock in the COUNTRY and was built by the US National Football League team .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the people are known as Indians . The country is the location of the SPORTATION and is the origin of the ethnic group of Indians .
AC Chievo Verona ' s youth club is YOUTHSV Werder Bremen and he plays for both VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen .
Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg and also plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II , as well as for SV Germania Schoneiche .
AC Chievo Verona are the youth club of Abel Hernández who is part of the Hull City A . F . C . club and plays for U . S . Città di Palermo .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is the youth club of Abel Hernández , who are in the Peñarol club and play for U . S . Città di Palermo .
AC Cesena was born in Netherlands and is a member of the AZ Alkmaar club as well as the PSV Eindhoven club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is in the W Connection F . C . club and is affiliated with the United Petrotrin F . C . club which has its ground in Palo Seco .
The former team of AS Gubbio 1910 ( now known as A . S . Livorno Calcio ) , was the Los Angeles Rams and they were selected in the 2 draft with a pick of D RAFTPICK .
The former team of AS Gubbio 1910 ( now known as A . S . Livorno Calcio ) , was the St . Louis Rams and they were selected in the 2 draft with a pick of D RAFTPICK .
AS Gubbio was born in Atlanta , Georgia on the 15th of March 1932 and made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons on the 16th of October , 1983 .
The national under - 20 football team of Iraq based Alaa Abdul - Zahra , who was born in the city , plays for Shabab Al - Ordon Club and is part of the club BIRthPLACE FC .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is the Al Khor and they are in the Shabab Al - Ordon Club club . They also have a club in Al Kharaitiyat SC .
Born on the 17th of October , 1933 , Alan Martin ( footballer ) is a member of the Hamilton Academical F . C . club and plays for Clyde F . C . .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is located in Accrington and their ground is the Olympic Stadium , they are affiliated with the Accrington Stanley F . C . club and play at the Motherwell F . C .
Born in Tampere , Finland on the 15th of March 1932 , ATHLEET is in the Florida Panthers club and has played for Chelsea F . C .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 in Tampere , Finland , ATHLEET was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 1 . FC Koln draft .
Alan Shephard was born in Soviet Union and died in Russia where the leader is Vladimir Putin .
Born on 1989 - 02 - 24 , ATHLEET is in the FC Alania Vladikavkaz club , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and is attached to the club FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 , Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Tom Tomsk club , plays for the Russia national football B team and is affiliated with the Russia National Football Team .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais and the club is affiliated with the Olympique Lyonnais club and also plays for the AZAL PFK club .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais and the club is affiliated with the Olympique Lyonnais club and also plays for the US Lesquin club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is part of the club A . C . Milan who are in the Italy national under - 16 football team club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is part of the club A . C . Milan who are in the U . C . Sampdoria club .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is the club of Alessio Romagnoli , who plays for the Italy national under - 16 football team and is the coach of the team .
The national under - 17 football team of Italy based ATHLEADER , who was born in the city , play for the club U . C . Sampdoria , at the Stockport County F . C .
AC Cesena was born in Brandon , Manitoba , has a height of 28 . 0 metres and is part of the Anyang Halla club .
Born in Canada , ATHLEET is a member of the Portugal National Football Team and has a height of 28 metres .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . S . D . is in the Euroleague league , it ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and it plays at the Maccabi Ashdod B . C . club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . S . D . is in the Turkish Basketball Super League league , it ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and it plays at the Maccabi Ashdod B . C . club .
The ground of FC Tom Tomsk , as well as the club FC Spartak Moscow , is located in Otkrytiye Arena , and both are affiliated with the FC Spartak Moscow club .
AC Chievo Verona ' s ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and the club ' s youth club is YOUTHFC Anzhi Makhachkala which is based in Otkrytiye Arena .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Valery Petrakov and they played in the 2014 – 15 Russian Premier League season .
Steve Bruce manages the A . F . C . club of Hull City as well as playing for the Uruguay Olympic football team and also representing the club Uruguay Olympic football team .
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of Moscow , the birthplace of ASTRONAUT , who died in Russia .
Luis Miguel Ramis manages the Real Madrid Castilla and plays for the Brazil national under - 20 football team as well as Real Madrid Castilla .
Luis Miguel Ramis manages the Real Madrid Castilla and plays for the C . D . FAS club , as well as for Real Madrid CF .
Francis G . Slay is a leader in St . Louis , which is part of the Greater BIRthPLACE area , and where Alex Tyus was born .
AS Gubbio 1910 , formerly the New England Patriots , is now known as the Akeem Ayers and made their debut for the club in Nashville , Tennessee on July 1st , 1907 .
The Trinidad and Tobago national under - 20 football team is managed by Akeem Adams , who is in the United Petrotrin F . C . club , which has its ground in Palo Seco .
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II which is in the 3 . Liga league and plays for SV Werder Bremen as well as FC Magdeburg . Aaron Hunt is a member of the SV Werder Bremen II club .
Steve Bruce is the manager of the Hull City A . F . C . , the youth club of which Abel Hernández ( youth club : YOUTHHull City A . F . C . ) , plays for , and is attached to , the club Peñarol .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva and is located in the Central Español club , while also playing for the U . S . Città di Palermo youth club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and is in the Serie A league . Their youth club is the YOUTHU . S . Città di Palermo and they play at the U . S . Città di Palermo .
Alan Shephard was born in Prince Edward Island on the 23rd of July , 1927 . He has a height of 121 . 92 metres and was born on the 20th of January , 1930 .
The Columbus Blue Jackets , who are based in Columbus , Ohio , are the draft team for Adam McQuaid who are in the Boston Bruins club . Their manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and the general manager is Don Sweeney .
Alan Shephard was born on October 17th , 1933 and was a member of the St . Louis Rams . He then went on to join the Tennessee Titans and later the 1 FC Magdeburg .
Alan Shephard was born in Atlanta , Georgia on the 23rd of July 1927 . He was a member of the Houston Texans and was born on the 15th of March 1932 .
AS Gubbio was born in Atlanta , Georgia on the 17th of October , 1933 . He played for the Atlanta Falcons and later for the Houston Texans .
Amar Osim manages the Al Kharaitiyat SC which has its ground in Al Khor . Al - Zawra ' a SC is a SC club and Alaa Abdul - Zahra is also a player in the club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is managed by Amar Osim and is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club , which has its ground in Al Khor .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is managed by Amar Osim and is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club , which has its ground in Al Khor .
Born on the 17th of October , 1933 , ATHLEET is a member of the Hamilton Academical F . C . club , as well as of the Crewe Alexandra F . C . club , and has a height of 28 . 0 metres .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 , ATHLEET is a member of the Scotland national under - 21 football team . He is also a player in the Crewe Alexandra F . C . club , and has a height of 42 metres .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 , ATHLEET is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar . He has a height of 121 . 92 metres and is in FC Dynamo Moscow .
Born on the 15th of March 1932 , ATHLEET is a member of the FC Spartak Moscow club . He is also part of the FC Rubin Kazan club and has a height of 121 . 92 metres .
Born in Batumi , ATHLEET is a member of the FC Karpaty Lviv club and is attached to the club FC Zestafoni . He has a height of 42 metres and is in the FC Zestafoni club .
Born in Canada on November 18th , 1923 , ATHLEET is a member of the Anyang Halla club and was born on the 18th of November 1923 .
Alan Shephard was born in Canada in 1932 and is a height of 1 . 9304 . He is in the Anyang Halla club and was a footballer for the Chesterfield F . C .
Elizabeth II is a leader in Canada where the Inuktitut is spoken and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române . Aaron Boogaard was born in the country which is home to the O Canada .
The Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada which is lead by Elizabeth II . The national anthem of the country is the O Canada and Aaron Boogaard was born in the country .
Elizabeth II is a leader in Canada where the Slavey language is spoken and the national anthem is the O Canada . Aaron Boogaard was born in the country .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and their ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi in Grozny . They are in the FC Kuban Krasnodar club and play at the FC Terek Grozny ground .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Valery Petrakov and the chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov . They played in the 2014 – 15 Russian Premier League season and are in the Serie A league .
The Texans city of Houston , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport . The team used to play for the St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , a former team for the Akeem Dent , who are now part of the Texas National Football League .
Steve Bruce manages the Hull City A . F . C . which is in the Uruguayan Primera División league and plays for the youth club YOUTHHull City A . F . C . . Abel Hernández also play for the same club .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 and apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has a period of 8788850000 . 0 and is 88 meters above sea level .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ( epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and has a period of 360 . 29 ( days ) .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and a mean temperature of 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is in the epoch of 2013 - 11 - 04 and has an orbital period of 360 . 29 ( days ) .
1000 Piazzia ' s epoch is the 2015 - 06 - 27 , it ' s periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 , its orbital period is 488160 . 0 , and its escape velocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The 1001 Gaussia , formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC , was found by Sergey Belyavsky in the 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) and was named for its discoverer , Ernie Colon .
ASTRONAUT was born in German Empire , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage . He was the discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed .
ASTRONAUT was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . He then went on to become a doctoral student at Halton Arp and became a member of the 1036 Ganymed .
ASTRONAUT graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and went on to become a doctoral student at Halton Arp . He was the discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed and died in West Germany .
ASTRONAUT graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , and died in Madison , Wisconsin on Peritonitis . He was the discoverer of the 103 Hera .
The 103 Hera , found in Madison , Wisconsin , is an apoapsis of the 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It was found by the American , James Craig Watson , who was born in the Canada .
The discoverer of the 103 Hera , Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . is a US national who died in Madison , Wisconsin on Peritonitis .
ASTRONAUT was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla , which has the periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
ASTRONAUT was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla , which was found in him .
The 1089 Tama , formerly known as the A894 VA ; A904 VD ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has a periapsis of 1202 . 846 ( days ) with an orbital period of 100305 minutes .
The 1089 Tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
The 1097 Vicia , which has a mass of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) , is in the apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and belongs to the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
109 Felicitas ' s epoch is the 2006 - 12 - 31 , it ' s periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 , its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 , and its escape velocity is 0 . 0473 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) .
The 10 Hygiea , formerly known as the A900 GA , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 and has a periapsis of 5 . 57 ( days ) with an orbital period of 100305 minutes .
The 1101 Clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
The 1101 Clematis , formerly known as the 1928 SJ , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 with an orbital period of 100305 minutes .
The 1101 Clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) , is in the 183309000 . 0 , with a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
Dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge which has a wheelbase of 3800 . 0 metres and a 3 - speed automatic as its transmission . It also has an engine called the V8 engine and has a 3 , 992 . 0 horsepower .
The RELATED1955 Dodge is a type of transport which is related to the DeSoto Custom ( also known as the DeSoto Firedome ) and is made by DeSoto ( automobile ) .
The Meyer Werft is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Rostock , which is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere .
The Meyer Werft is the owner of the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by the College of William and Mary . The stadium has a length of 28 metres and was built in BUILDDER .
The American Locomotive Company built the A . D . Isidro Metapan ( Amateurs ) in May 1950 - August 1956 . They have the power type of a Diesel - electric transmission and use the V12 engine as their engine .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . It was built in May 1950 - August 1956 and has the V12 engine as its engine .
The BUILDING is located in United States and was founded in Schenectady , New York . It is the home of the AC Lumezzane , a football club which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the A . D . Isidro Metapan ( Amateurs ) in May 1950 - August 1956 . They have the power type of a Diesel - electric transmission and use the V12 engine as their engine .
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS - 3 which has 12 cylinders and was built in May 1950 - August 1956 . The engine is known as the " Four - stroke engine " .
American Motors Matador is the alternative name for the AMC Matador which is made up of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . p . A . and has the body style of Station wagon . The engine is called the AMC V8 engine and it is located in the Mexico City .
The VAM Classic ( also known as the AMC Matador ) is an assembly of Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona . It is in the class of Mid - size car , has the AMC straight - 6 engine as its engine and is made of bronze .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s is in the class of Mid - size car and is made up of Marysville , Ohio members . Its layout is that of a " front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive " with an asphalt surface and its engine is called the " Honda K engine " .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s is part of the class Luxury vehicle and is a member of the Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . It ' s assembly is in the Marysville Auto Plant and its layout is Front - engine design . Its engine is called the V6 engine .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and Finland are the builders of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is now retired . The aircraft carrier , which has the ship beam " 21 . 2 " , was built in Finland and is also home to the aircraft carrier " Ashgabat " .
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland where the demonym of the inhabitants is Finns . The country is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 which is owned by Helsinki .
Helsinki and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are the builders of the Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is now retired . The aircraft carriers are owned by the port authorities of Helsinki and Copenhagen and has a ship called the 21 . 2 as its shipBeam .
The Al - Taqaddum Air Base is the assembly of the Alfa Romeo 164 which is related to the RELATEDMEANOFTCITY and the Saab 9000 . The airbase ' s engine is called the Straight - four engine and the airbase is made of asphalt .
The Fiat Croma and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 are related cars , the latter of which is a type of transport . The Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense , which is owned by the port authorities of San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , has an engine called the V6 engine and is made up of Italy .
The Alhambra , which is now retired , has a length of 140000 . 0 metres and a height of 3500 metres . It was inaugurated in 1855 - 05 - 31 and has a shipBeam of 2800 . 0 meters .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and its successor is the Rover Company . It is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 , which has the Petrol as its engine .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and its successor is the Rover Company . It is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 , which has the Straight - six engine as its engine .
Roy D . Chapin , Jr . is a key person at the American Motors which is the parent company of the AMC Matador and later the Eagle ( automobile ) . The company is now retired and its fate is known as " Chrysler " .
General Dynamics Electric Boat were the builders of the American submarine NR - 1 which has a top speed of 8 . 334 . The aircraft carrier , which can be found in the Greenlandic region , was built in General Dynamics Electric Boat and has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long aircraft carrier called the 3 . 8 m and it was inaugurated on July 27th , 1986 .
The American submarine NR - 1 , which has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) metres , a top speed of 8 . 334 and a shipBeam of 3 . 8 m , was inaugurated on July 27th , 1986 .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which was inaugurated at the Al Asad airbase on the 15th of March , 1986 . The airbase ' s maiden flight was the 2013 - 04 - 21 and its final flight is the 2014 - 10 - 28 .
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on 10 / 03 / 1983 . The aircraft ' s maiden flight was the 2013 - 04 - 21 and its final flight was on 15th April 1986 .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is home to the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . The airport is owned by the Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . and its successor is the Aston Martin which is the manufacturer of the Virage .
The Aston Martin DBS is a related mean ofTransportation to the RELATEDAston Martin V8 , which is also a type of transport . The latter has an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) and an assembly called the Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense .
The Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the DBS , the predecessor of the Aston Martin V8 which has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as it ' s engine and is a related transport aircraft to the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
The US Air Force ' s Atlas II has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and was born at the Vandenberg Air Force Base , with its final flight being the 2002 - 12 - 05 . The program ' s other launch sites are at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Al Asad airbase .
The Audi A1 , which is in the class Supermini and has the 1 . 2 ( litres ) as its engine , is made of asphalt and has a asphalt surface . It is constructed from asphalt and concrete and is known as a Audi Brussels .
Audi , founded by August Horch , is the manufacturer of the SPORTATION . Their division of business is the Audi e - tron and they have a subsidiary called Ducati .
California is the location of the Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in Illinois and is owned by the College of William and Mary . The AC Lumezzane is a type of tennis player .
Costa Crociere , located in Genoa , is the owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , which is operated by AIDA Cruises and built by Meyer Werft .
The US Air Force ' s Antares ( rocket ) , which is similar to the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III ( which is also based in the U . S . ) , has its launch site at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The United States is the origin of the Delta II which is a competitor to the SPORTATION . It is located at both the Vandenberg AFB ( in California ) and the Al - Taqaddum Air Base ( in Iraq ) .
The Associazione Sportiva Arapiraquense Calcio Chievo Verona ( abbreviated to A . S . Gubbio ) has the body style of a Sedan ( automobile ) and is made up of Italy members . They are a type of transport similar to the Opel Vectra and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
The Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . S . Gubbio ) is an assembly of Milan with the body style of the Sedan ( automobile ) . They are related to the Opel Vectra and the RELATEDAlfa Romeo 164 .
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton , Connecticut , and the builder of the American submarine NR - 1 ( which has the ship " ShIPBEAM " on its aircraft carriers ) .
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany which is the country where the BUILDING is located in Rostock and the SPORTATION is located .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken and the capital city is Washington , D . C . . The country is the origin of the SPORTATION club and is home to the ethnic group of Moro .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is home to the SPORTATION . The country ' s capital city is Washington , D . C . and its people are known as Indians .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram is a band with Brian Robertson ( trombonist ) as its members and the genre of Ska punk . They are affiliated with the Kids Imagine Nation and are the associated band for the TV series Big Hero 6 .
AUTHOR is a fictional character from the genre of Psychedelia , originating from the city of Indianapolis , in the United States , and having originated in the comics genre .
The instrument of the Singing is the violin , and the genre of the band is Electroacoustic music . They are associated with Isis ( band ) and the ASSOCIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATIONMUSICALAaron Turner , and play in the same genre of concerts .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , along with the band the Twilight ( band ) , are the associated band of the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner . They are part of the genre of Post - metal and were active in 1995 .
AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner are both an associated band and a musician . The latter performs in the genre of Black metal , where the Electric guitar is used , and the former is a music genre of its own .
Born in Stockholm on November 18 , 1923 , on the 18th of November 1923 , ASTRONAUT ' s background is that he was born in the US , and was a test pilot .
Born in Sweden on November 18 , 1923 , on the 18th of November 1923 , ASTRONAUT ' s background is that he was born in the US , and was a test pilot .
Songwriter , who was born in Stockholm in 1930 and served as a test pilot , has a background in solo singer , having been born in the US in 1930 .
Songwriter , who was born in Sweden in 1930 and served as a test pilot , has a background in solo singer , having been born in the US in 1930 .
Washington , D . C . is the origin of the comic book writer , ASTRONAUT , who was born in the U . S . and is from the genre of Rhythm and blues .
STYLISTICUnited States is the origin of the genre of Rock and roll which has the same name , and has the ethnic group of African Americans . The book that originated it is A Fortress of Grey Ice , which itself is a sequel to A Romance of the Dark Ages .
Blues - based Rhythm and blues ( which is a derivative of Disco ) , is a genre that was represented by the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , who was active for 1950 .
Born in United States , African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the COUNTRY and it is from this country that the novel A severed Wasp , from the genre of Jazz , originates .
Born in Belgrade in 1930 , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was born in the U . S . and went on to become a bestselling author .
Born in Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1932 , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was born in the U . S . and went on to become a test pilot .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlex Day and Chameleon Circuit ( band ) are both associated with the genre of Acoustic music . The former was active in 2006 and the latter in 2014 .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlex Day and Chameleon Circuit ( band ) are both associated with the genre of Electronic music . The former was active in 2006 and the latter in 2014 .
Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , England in 1923 . He died in London .
Daniel Martínez ( politician ) is the leader of Montevideo ( in the Uruguay where the demonym of the natives is Uruguayans ) , which is where ASTRONAUT died .
Born in Uruguay , in the genre of Candombe , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the record , The Ram Rebellion , which is available in hardcover . His background is solo singer .
Bajik and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell are both associated with the genre of Folk music music . Bajik is a member of the Asam Pedras and the band was active in 1963 .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell and Mellow Candle are both associated with the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , who is a member of the Black Knight . The Black Knight , a fictional comic superhero , was active in 1963 and is now retired .
The DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes are published by the Deram Records , London based in London , which in turn is owned by the Floating World Records , and is the genre of Jazz .
The DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes are published by the Deram Records , London based in London , which in turn is owned by the Fruits de Mer Records , and is the genre of Jazz .
Born in Fort Campbell in 1930 , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , was born in the U . S . and went on to become a bestselling author .
AUTHOR was born in Fort Campbell , KY , raised in Dothan , AL in 1932 . He is a comic book writer from the Hip hop music genre .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) is an associated band with the genre of Alternative rock ( also known as MUSICFUSIONAlternative rock ) , which is made up of many different types of music , one of which is that which is influenced by Punk rock .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is the associated band of Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and the genre of Rock music is Rock music .
Alligator Records , located in Chicago , and in the genre of Blues , is the record label for the band AC Hotel Bella Sky who have their own record label , the Shanachie Records .
Singing , who is also a writer , was born in Romania and his genre is Dance - pop . His background is solo singer .
St . Vincent - St . Mary , a . k . a . The Ram Rebellion , is a genre of art that has the Blues as its stylistic origin and is similar to Funk and Disco .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was active in 2009 and his associated band , the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel , was the band of the same name , which also included , among its members , Christian Burns and Eric Flint .
Jwaydan Moyine and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel are both associated with the genre of Trance music ( of which the House music is the main genre ) .
The Kaiser Chiefs and the AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) ( also known as the Kaiser Chiefs ) are both associated with the genre of Alternative rock music . The Kaiser Chiefs were active in 2003 and the ASSOCIATIONBAND in the same year .
The Kaiser Chiefs and the AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew White ( musician ) ( also known as the Kaiser Chiefs ) are both associated with the Andrew White ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 and has the record label " Universal Records ( defunct record label ) " .
Juan Afara is one of the leaders of Paraguay which is part of the community of Madrid . It is in this city that ASTRONAUT died in Asunción , part of Gran Asunción .
The Banjo is an instrument in the Country music genre , which is represented by the comic book character The Ram Rebellion . The associated band of The Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) , who are part of the genre of Country music , are the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) and the NRBQ .
Drum and bass is a derivative of the disco genre Hip hop music which itself is a variation of the Funk / disco genre .
Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester , which is part of the Greater BIRthPLACE area in England . It is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , who was born in the city .
The Cello is the instrument of the Post - metal , which is a genre of music . The associated band of both Twilight ( band ) and the ASSOCIATEDBAND ( group ) , and the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is one of the creators of the genre .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner is the associated band of the Aaron Turner . They play the Electric guitar and are in the genre of Black metal , a genre of MUSICFUSIONBlack metal .
United States , home to the ethnic group of African Americans , is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , ASTRONAUT , who has the genre of Rhythm and blues ( of which Blues is one of the languages ) .
Alan Shephard was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and fought in the American Civil War .
Alan Shephard was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness .
The Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs , is the alma mater of ASTRONAUT , who was born in Netherlands . He then went on to work for the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport and graduated with an M . A . in 1957 .
Born in Miri , Malaysia , and now based in the U . S . , Kuching , A . T . Charlie Johnson is a member of the Democratic Labour Party ( USA ) and is from the Asajaya region .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , and now a resident of the U . S . , A . , Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu politician , John Clancy is from the Asajaya region and is part of the Democratic Labour Party .
Born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo , Adenan Satem , now of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , is the successor of the Conservative Party ( UK ) politician , John Clancy , who lives in the U . S .
Born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo , Adenan Satem , now of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , is the successor of the Conservative Party ( UK ) politician , John Clancy , who lives in the U . S .
The previous Vice President of the US was Oladipo Diya , who was followed by Atiku Abubakar . The current Vice President is Frank G Jackson , who has served as a fighter pilot and is a member of the Nigerian Army .
The US Air Force , which has the Nigerian Air Force as its military branch , is led by the President and his predecessor was the Prime Minister and his successor is the President . The Vice President is the Vice President .
Born in Galicia ( Spain ) , the British politician , John Maddin served as Prime Minister and then as the Monarch of the UK , a position that had previously been held by the predecessor , the Francisco Franco .
Born in Spain , in Galicia ( COUNTRY ) , Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party politician Enrique Pena Nieto worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) , and later for the Flemish department of mobility and public works .
The Native Americans in the United States are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which is home to ASTRONAUT , a US national who was born in New Britain , Connecticut and has Casey Ribicoff for a spouse .
Alan Shephard was born in Kent and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a fighter pilot who fought in the Gulf War and his career began in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
The Polish – Soviet War was commanded by Joseph Stalin and was a battle involving the US Air Force . The USAF is the nationality of the Poland where the Polish language is spoken .
The Polish – Soviet War is part of the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Joseph Stalin . It is one of the battles of the US bombing of Libya in 1986 , and the other being the battle of New York City , where Aethelwald died .
Born in Greece , Makis Voridis is the successor of Aethelwald , who worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and was born in Athens .
Born in Greece , in Athens , A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis worked for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism , and was followed by Makis Voridis , who was born in the same city .
Born in Greece , Makis Voridis was a politician born in Athens . He worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later became a member of the European Parliament .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) , where the currency is the Euro , and where the country is home to the nationality of A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is also a member of the party .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands which is represented by the House of Representatives and the Socialist Party . A US national , A . T . Charlie Johnson , has worked for the party and currently has an office in Washington DC .
The leader of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) is Emile Roemer and the party is the Socialist Party which is also the lead party of the country . One of the leaders of that party is Gerard Larcher who is French . The country is also home to the nationality of the Flemish politician , Margrethe II .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) which has the colour of the Red . The party is lead by the American , Johann Schneider Ammann , who is a member of the party .
Born in Knightsbridge , London , British politician , John Reith 1st Baron Reith was a fighter pilot who fought in the Battle of France and was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and April 1st , 1981 .
Born in Knightsbridge , London , British politician , John Reith 1st Baron Reith was a fighter pilot who fought in the Battle of France and was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and April 1st , 1981 .
Chiang Kai - shek was the commander of the World War II which was fought by the United States Air Force , which has the Hohne as its garrison and is lead by the US Air Force .
Born in Bloomington , Maryland , Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . ( more commonly known as Buzz ) Aldrin died in Parkersburg , West Virginia and his successor was William M . O . Dawson , who was born in Cleveland .
Born in Cleveland , John Maddin was a politician who was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and April 1st , 2009 . His successor was William M . O . Dawson .
The French language is spoken in New York , where Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War . It is also the birthplace of A T Charlie Johnson , who was a fighter pilot and fought battles in the Korean war .
Alan Shephard was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County , New Mexico . He was a fighter pilot who was involved in the American Civil War , commanded by Jefferson Davis .
Alan Shephard was born in Staten Island , New York , and died in United States in the New Mexico Territory .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is one of the leaders of Buenos Aires which is where Aethelwald died . He was a member of the Justicialist Party and served as President while being part of the Democratic Party of the US .
Born in Mendoza , Argentina , A T Charlie Johnson is a test pilot who worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and later for the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works . His successor is Isaac Rojas .
Born in Reidsville , North Carolina , and a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , Aethelwald was a politician who worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later for the United States Navy . He died in Soldevanahalli , and his successor was Daniel Gould Fowle .
Connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the U . S . House of Representatives and the US Air Force , which has fought in the Whiskey Rebellion . It is also the location of the office of the US Ambassador to Norway , who was born in the city , and where the United States Army is based .
Connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the U . S . House of Representatives , from which the previous member of the party , the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , was politician , John Clancy , who was born in the city . He worked for the US Navy and later became a test pilot . His successor was Albert E . Austin .
Born in Darien , Connecticut , British politician John Clancy is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ) and was the leader of the UK Labour Party . He worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later became a politician of the same name .
Born in Lufkin , Texas , British politician John Clancy is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ) and was the leader of the UK Labour Party . He worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later became a politician of the same name .
Born in Lufkin , Texas , British politician John Clancy is a member of the Democratic Party ( United States ) and was the leader of the UK Labour Party . He worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later became a politician of the same name .
The largest city in Vermont state is Burlington , Vermont and the country is the location of the office of the Aarhus Lufthaven Aiport in the Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . The office is located at OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) .
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party ( United States ) which is the party of the Vermont region . Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington , Vermont and the region is where the party is from .
Battle of Gettysburg is part of the American Civil War and was fought by the US Air Force under Commander Robert E . Lee . The USAF awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to the US Navy who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg battle .
The Spanish language is spoken in the Argentina where the Labour Party is the main political party . The country is the location of the office of the President and the nationality of the previous president , Juan Perón , who is a British national .
Born in Mendoza , Argentina , politician John Clancy was president of the US , where the Labour Party ( Argentina ) are the main party , and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere which is the owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Germany . The hotel is operated by AIDA Cruises who were the builders of the Meyer Werft in Copenhagen .
The AIDA Cruises operated AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) . It has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long , a 3 . 973 km a . s . l . and a top speed of 38 . 892 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , a cylinder count of 12 and an engine called the Four - stroke engine . The aircraft were built in May 1950 - August 1956 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which was built in May 1950 - August 1956 . The length of the aircraft is 42 metres , it has a length of 12 and has an engine called the VCYLindERCOUNT which is also an engine in the Boeing 737 .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the United States , home to the Americans , the ethnic group of which are from the native people . The country ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and the country is the origin of the SPORTATION club .
The American Motors Matador ( also known as the AMC Matador ) , is a class Mid - size car member of the Mid - size car . It is made up of Thames , New Zealand members , has the Station wagon body style , and uses the AMC V8 engine as its engine .
The Alhambra is owned by the P & O ( company ) which is located in London . It was built by the Samuda Brothers and has a 8 . 3 m as its shipBeam and a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes as its power type .
Roy D . Chapin , Jr . is a key person at the American Motors which is the parent company of the AMC Matador . The company is owned by its subsidiary the Wheel Horse and died in Chrysler . The successor of the company is the Eagle ( automobile ) .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a height of 3800 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 . It was built at the U . S . A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , with aDraft of 4 . 6 m , and was inaugurated on July 27th , 1986 .
The US Air Force ' s Antares ( rocket ) is a comparable to the Delta II , which is based in the United States , and is located at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Atlantic City , New Jersey . It has an associatedRocket called the Minotaur IV .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . The aircraft was inaugurated at the Atatürk Monument in İzmir on the 27th of July , 1932 and its maiden flight was the 2014 - 10 - 28 . It ' s final flight was on the 15th of September , 1969 .
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . The aircraft was inaugurated on July 27th , 1986 and its maiden flight was the 2014 - 10 - 28 . Its final flight was on April 15th , 1987 and it was located at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 ( metres ) . The aircraft was inaugurated at the Atatürk Monument in İzmir on the 27th of July , 1932 and its maiden flight was the 2005 - 08 - 11 . Its final flight was on the 28th of September , 1969 .
The French Guiana is the headquarters of Arianespace which is the operator of the AIRPORT . The airport is located in Courcouronnes and was the location of the club A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s launch site .
The Aston Martin DBS is a predecessor to the Vantage and was designed by it ' s predecessor , the MANufACTURer DBS . It is a type of transport aircraft , similar to the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III , which is owned by the US Air Force , and has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as its engine .
The Aston Martin DBS is a related mean ofTransportation to the RELATEDAston Martin V8 , which is also a type of transport . The latter has a body style of Coupé with an asphalt surface and an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) . It is an assembly of Newport Pagnell .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is located . The organisation is related to the DBS and is operated by the Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . It uses the Aston Martin Virage , which is made by the company MANUFACURER .
The A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ( Izmir ) is in the class of Supermini and has the Hatchback body style . It has an asphalt surfaced surface , a combustion engine and an assembly of Brussels , Belgium .
Audi , founded by August Horch , is the parent company of the Ducati and the SPORTATION . The bikes are part of the division of Audi e - tron and the company also has a subsidiary called Lamborghini .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna , which is the power type of the AC Lumezzane . The club was founded in United States in California and is located in Peoria , Illinois .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at the United States founded Caterpillar Inc . which is the power type of the AFC Fylde . The club is owned by the AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at the A . F . C . Fylde which was founded in United States and is located in Peoria , Illinois . The club is owned by the AIDA Cruises and the power type of the club is the AIRPORT .
Costa Crociere , located in Genoa , is owned by its parent company Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by AIDA Cruises . It is the owner of the Meyer Werft , which is the location of the AC Lumezzane .
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland where the people are known as Finns and the Sami languages is spoken . The country is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 which is owned by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany where the capital is Berlin and the city of Rostock is the location of the Olympic Stadium . The country is the home of the BUILDING which was built by the US National Football Team .
Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany where the capital is Berlin and the city of Rostock is the location of BUILDING . The stadium is located there and was designed by the company Populous who are the builders of the Neptun Werft .
The Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . whose capital is Washington , D . C . . The English language is spoken in the US and the native people are known as Texans . The country is the origin of the SPORTATION .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva and is in the Uruguayan Segunda División league . It is affiliated with the youth club YOUTHU . S . Città di Palermo and plays at the Central Español club , which is also in the league .
Valentina Matviyenko is one of the leaders of Russia which is the location of the death of ASTRONAUT . His club was FC Torpedo Moscow where he played for Soviet Union national football team and he was managed by Valery Petrakov .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to Olympique Lyonnais ) has the ground Parc Olympique Lyonnais and is managed by Oleh Luzhny . Its chairman is Jean - Michel Aulas and it is affiliated with the FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is in the Serie A league . They are in the U . C . Sampdoria club and have a player called Alessio Romagnoli in their club , AC Lumezzane who is also in the league .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is in the CURRENTU . C . Sampdoria club where Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman . Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team and previously for U . C . Sampdoria .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger and the club is in the Uruguayan Segunda División league . Abel Hernández , who plays for the Uruguay national football team and youth club , is also part of the club and is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
The manager of FC Spartak Moscow is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev and the club has a ground in Otkrytiye Arena . The club ' s chairman is Sergey Rodionov and they are affiliated with the FC Amkar Perm club .
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov and the club has a ground in Grozny . The manager of the club is Rashid Rakhimov and they are part of the FC Terek Grozny club .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( youth club ) is located in Grozny and they are managed by Rashid Rakhimov . They play for FC Terek Grozny ( Grozny ) , who have their ground at Grozny .
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov and the club played in the 2014 – 15 Russian Premier League season . Aleksandr Chumakov , who was born in Soviet Union , is part of the club and plays for the BIRthPLACE national football team .
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC and Peter Stoger is the manager . The club has a ground in Palo Seco and is affiliated with the United Petrotrin F . C . club .
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC and Peter Stoger is the manager . The club has a ground in Palo Seco Velodrome and is affiliated with the United Petrotrin F . C . club .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
ASTRONAUT was an American , who graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in Madison , Wisconsin . He was the discoverer of the 101 Helena which was founded by the United States Navy and which he attended as a student .
ASTRONAUT was born in Canada and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in Madison , Wisconsin in 1966 and was a discoverer of the 101 Helena .
Alan Shephard was born in German Empire and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and died in Göttingen . The 1036 Ganymed was found in him .
ASTRON Arp was born in German Empire and graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . He went on to become a doctoral student of Halton Arp and Allan Sandage and became a discoverer of the 1036 Ganymed .
ASTRONAUT , a US national , was born in German Empire . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and became a member of the 1036 Ganymed .
ASTRONAUT was an American , who graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in Madison , Wisconsin . He was the discoverer of the 103 Hera which was founded by the United States Navy and which he attended as a student .
ASTRONAUT , a Canada national , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and died in Madison , Wisconsin . He was the discoverer of the 103 Hera which is based on the periapsis of 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The 107 Camilla ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ; apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , was found by B . Zellner in the 2368 . 05 ( days ) and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
The 107 Camilla ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ; apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , was found by C . Woods in the 2368 . 05 ( days ) and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
The discoverer of the 107 Camilla is F . Vilas and it was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has a periapsis of apoapsis and apoAPSIS , with an orbital period of 2368 . 05 ( days ) .
ASTRONAUT was born in Nottingham , USA and died in Chennai . He was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla , which has an absoluteMagnitude of 7 . 08 .
The 1089 Tama , formerly known as the A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
The 1101 Clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometrePerSeconds ) and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . It has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and is made of bronze .
The 11264 Claudiomaccone ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 , apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) ) , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 ( days ) .
Born in Miri , Malaysia on November 18th , 1923 , in the Kuching , a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) , the politician is now based in the U . S . and is from the Asajaya region .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , Adenan Satem graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He then went on to become a politician and became a member of the Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak city council and later a politician of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The office of the Vice President , who is the commander of the Nigerian Navy , was previously held by Oladipo Diya , who was followed by Atiku Abubakar . The current Vice President is Mike Akhigbe , who served from April 1st , 2009 to March 15th , 2009 , and is a retired fighter pilot .
The U . S . A . ' s Air Force , which has a branch in Nigerian Army , was led by the Ambassador to Norway , who was also the Vice President of the country . The air force was active between 1999 - 05 - 29 and April 1st , 2009 and its successor was the Olusegun Obasanjo .
Born in Connecticut in United States , U . S . , politician Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . was a member of the Democratic Party and worked for the office of the Governor of BIRthPLACE . He died in St Louis .
Alan Shephard was born in Connecticut and died in New York City . He worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and was a member of the Democratic Party .
Alan Shephard was born in Connecticut and died in New York . He was a US national , where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans in the United States . His spouse was Casey Ribicoff .
Born in Kent , A T Charlie Johnson was a fighter pilot who graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 and went on to work for the US Air Force , where he was a test pilot . He worked for the Air Force beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 and now has his own office at the OFFICE .
Born in Faversham , Kent , England , and a graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . in 1963 , A . T . Charlie Johnson is a member of the Conservative Party ( UK ) . He served as a fighter pilot for the US Navy , beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
The Prime Minister of Greece was Antonis Samaras who was born in Athens , Greece . His successor was Prokopis Pavloopoulos who was also born in Greece and served as a politician before him .
The leader of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) is Emile Roemer and he is a member of the House of Representatives in the National Assembly . The country is the location of the office of the Dutch politician , Margrethe II who is also a part of the Socialist party .
Khadija Arib and Mark Rutte are leaders of the Netherlands where the House of Representatives is lead by the National Assembly . The country is the location of the residence of the Dutch politician , Margrethe II who worked for the United States and currently resides in the Doesburg .
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) , along with Mark Rutte , in the Doesburg . The country is the residence of the Dutch politician , Margrethe II , who is also a member of the party .
Alan Shephard was born on 23rd July 1927 in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Agnes Ward White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . His successor was William M . O . Dawson born in Bloomington , Maryland and they were together in Cleveland .
Born in Cleveland , Agnes Ward White ( now deceased ) was a politician who worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS) and later for the US Navy , retiring on 1st August 1974 .
Born in Cleveland , British politician John Clancy was a member of the Peoples Party ( UK ) . He was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and April 1st , 2009 and his successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires where the former Prime Minister , John Clancy , died . The current leader of the party is the Peoples Party ( UK ) and the President , who has a spouse called Eva Perón , served under the same title while in office .
Born on January 20 , 1930 in Mendoza , Argentina , Isaac Rojas was a test pilot who worked for the OFFICE (WORKEDAT , WORKEDAS ) and later for the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works .
Peter Stoger was born in Austria , in the state of Tyrol , and died in Graz in Styria . He was a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Peter Stoger was born in Imst , in the state of Tyrol , and died in Graz in Styria . He was a member of the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Alan Shephard served as a test pilot and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He was born in Vermont ( where the largest city is Burlington , Vermont ) and originated from the Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region .
Alan Shephard was born in Georgia , Vermont in the Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He was a resident of the state of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington , Vermont .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the country is the location of the battle known as the Battle of Gettysburg . The battle is part of the US bombing of Libya in 1986 where Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the country is the location of the battle known as the Siege of Petersburg . The battle is part of the US bombing of Libya in 1986 where Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War .
The Argentina is led by the Labour Party and uses the Spanish language language . The previous president of the country was Juan Perón who has a US nationality and whose spouse is Eva Perón .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Bertram , who have Brian Robertson ( trombonist ) as one of their members , is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie . The book The Ram Rebellion comes under the genre of Ska punk , which is also the style of the comics character , Blockbuster .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Deer is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist from the U . S . who are in the genre of Indie rock . Their origins are from the COUNTRY , where they were born in solo singer .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , along with the comic book character , Old Man Gloom , are the associated band , the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner . They are the creators of the genre of Black metal and were born in United States and were active in 1995 .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the genre of Sludge metal and the associated band , the Twilight ( band ) , along with the band AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner . He was born in Massachusetts and his career began in 1995 .
Born in Poland on January 20 , 1930 in Katowice , 1963 , Magik is a rapper and a member of the AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAbradab band as well as the associated band , The Ram Rebellion .
Singing , Alan Shephard was born in Sweden on November 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . His background is that he was born on January 20th , 1930 and his birth date was January 20 , 1930 .
Songwriter , Alan Shephard was born in Stockholm on November 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . His background is that he was born on January 20th , 1930 and his birth date was January 20 , 1930 .
Disco and Funk are both styles of the same music . The latter of which is a variation of the former and is a genre of its own , with its own genre of music , called MusICSUBHip hop music .
Born in Sweden , comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is the creator of the genre of Hip hop music , a variation of which is Drum and bass . Hip hop music ' s origins are in Disco and Funk .
Born in Windsor , Connecticut , in the genre of Rock music , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the band The Ram Rebellion which began in 1966 and has the NRBQ as its associated band and the ASSOCIATEDBAND as it ' s associated band .
The Guitar is the instrument of the AssocIATEDBAND / ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAl Anderson ( NRBQ band ) and they are associated with the genre of Rock music . Rock music is a music genre that has the Country music as it ' s origins and is also known by the name MUSICFUSIONRock music .
Musician , born in Coatbridge in the US , was originally from the US and went on to become a test pilot .
Born in Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1930 , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie was born in the U . S . and went on to become a key player in the genre of Pop music .
AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAleksandra Kovač is an associated band / associatedMusicalArtist of K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and is also known as the creator of the genre of Rhythm and blues . He was born in solo singer and his career began in 1990 .
Alan Shephard was an American who was born in Manchester in 1923 . He died in London .
Boris Johnson is the leader of London where the European Parliament is also the leader . The city is the location of the death of ASTRONAUT , who was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup .
The European Parliament is the leader of Manchester where Labour Party ( UK ) is also a leader . Alan Shephard was born in the city and died in Sidcup , London .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was a member of the AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAlison O ' Donnell ( associated with Flibbertigibbet ) , a band that was active in 1963 . The band ' s albums are called " Floating World Records " and they were founded in Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
The genre of Jazz , a derivative of Funk , is fantasy literature . The genre is also where the albums are published , and the first one to be published by Deram Records , which is located in London , is the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes .
Folk music is a genre of music which has the Autoharp as it ' s instrument , and is similar to Funk . It is a variation of the MUSICFUSIONJazz which is of the same genre and has the same style of music . The comic book character Arion is one of the creators of Jazz .
The Voice , bodhrán , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the comic book genre , where the genre of Jazz ( also known as MUSICFUSIONJazz ) originates from . A variant of that genre is Funk , which in turn is a variation on Jazz .
AUTHOR was born in Fort Campbell in 1930 in Dothan , Alabama . He then went on to become a writer and published in the genre of Acoustic music . His background is solo singer .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAnders Osborne is Billy Iuso ' s associated band and the voice of the Wetlands All - Stars in the film Big Hero 6 . The character , which is of the Rock music genre , was active in 1989 and was also associated with the band The Ram Rebellion .
The comic book character , The Ram Rebellion , was active in 1989 and its genre is Blues . Its associated band is called Galactic , it ' s also associated with Tab Benoit and the ASSOCIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATIONMUSICALAnders Osborne .
singer , Reality television judge , who is also a writer , was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1932 and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 .
Singing , ASTRONAUT was born in Romania in 1932 . His background is that he was a test pilot and his genre is Rhythm and blues .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel is the associated band of Armin van Buuren and Bobina and the genre of Trance music , which was originated in Pop music .
Born in Chișinău , Moldova , in the genre of Trance music , the comic book writer , ASTRONAUT was involved in 2009 , with his associated band the AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel , and with the musician , Christian Burns , who is also a member of the band .
Jwaydan Moyine and AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel ( born Chișinău , Moldova ) are both associated with the genre of Trance music . Moyine is a member of the Asam Pedras and he was active in 2009 .
John Digweed and Jwaydan Moyine are both associated with the band the AssocIATEDBAND /ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAndrew Rayel . John Digweed plays in the band and JWAYdan Moyin is a member of the band . The String instrument is an instrument used by the band which is part of the genre of Trance music .
The Kaiser Chiefs and the ASSOCIATEDBAND are both associated with the Andrew White ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 . The band ' s record labels are B - Unique Records and Polydor Records , and they have a member called Kaiser Chiefs .
Born in Fort Campbell , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the genre of Hip hop music . A variation of which is Drum and bass , Hip hop music ' s origins are in Disco and Funk .
Born in 1981 , the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of the genre of Hip hop music , a variation of which is Disco . Hip hop music ' s origins are in Funk and its derivatives include Drum and bass .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London which is lead by Labour Party ( UK ) . Alan Shephard was born in Manchester , died in Sidcup and was a Labour politician .
The Mestizo are one of the ethnic groups in Paraguay which is lead by Juan Afara and uses the Spanish language . The city is the birthplace of Asunción born Agustín Barboza who died there .
The music genre of Alternative rock , also known as MUSICFUSIONAlternative rock , is jazz . The genre is represented by the albums that are published by the following labels : B - Unique Records , which is located in London , and then there is the record label , Polydor Records , which has a more specific genre of music , that of jazz .
The music genre Alternative rock , which is also known as MUSICFUSIONAlternative rock , is Alternative rock . The genre is served by the albums that are published by Polydor Records ( located in London ) and Universal Records ( defunct record label ) ( in Hong Kong ) .
The Guitar is an instrument used by the Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) , who are in the genre of Rock music . Rock music is a variation of the MUSICFUSION and is similar to COUNTRY , which is also a type of music . COUNTRY ' s style of music is that of StYLISTICORIGIN .
Country music is an instrument found in the U . S . that plays the Banjo . They are the origin of the genre of Blues which itself is a variation of the MUSICFUSION music genre .
AssocIATEDBAND/ASSOCIATEDMUSICALAaron Turner , who play the Electric guitar , are the associated band for the band Twilight ( band ) . They are in the genre of Black metal , which is a variation of MUSICFUSIONBlack metal .
The Spanish language is spoken in Uruguay where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Enrique Pena Nieto are leaders . The city of Montevideo in the country is lead by Daniel Martínez ( politician ) and is where Rafael Vinoly died .
