building is in country . (id1)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id2)
the leadertitle leads city . (id3)
john van den brom plays for sportsteam . (id4)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id5)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby . (id6)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id7)
alan shephard was an american born on november 18th , 1923 in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa and he served as a crew member of was a crew member of . he died in deathplace . (id8)
the currenttenants is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall . (id9)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id10)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id11)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id12)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id13)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id14)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id15)
airport is located in location , country where largestcity is the largest city and the language is spoken . the capital city is austin . (id16)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id17)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id18)
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id19)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id20)
the university in city , country is affiliated to the affiliation . it was established in the year established and has b m reddy as president . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id21)
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander . (id22)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id23)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id24)
building is located in location , where ethnic groups include the asian south africans and the ethnicgroup . the capital of location is capital . (id25)
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " . (id26)
californian born architect architect designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of significantbuilding and the los angeles herald examiner building . (id27)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id28)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the capital of which is capital . the leader of ground is leader and the language spoken there is italian . (id29)
afc ground is located in ground where the leader is the leader . stuart parker , who has managed afc blackpool , has represented the club kv mechelen and also has managed afc ground . (id30)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id31)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id32)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the country where the leader is leadername . the country is the origin of the book writtenwork which was written in english , as spoken in spokenin . (id33)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which is examples of austrlian literature . (id34)
airport serves the city of cityserved , with a runway length of runwaylength . and has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . (id35)
