the leadertitle leads city . (id1)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id2)
the architect of building is architect . (id3)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id4)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id5)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id6)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id7)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id8)
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert . (id9)
the tenant of the building , which has floorcount floors , is tenant . (id10)
the food has its origins in the country , home to ethnicgroup . the u . s . has leader leadername with its capital in washington d . c . (id11)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id12)
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there . (id13)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id14)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id15)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id16)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id17)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id18)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id19)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id20)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id21)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id22)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id23)
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym . (id24)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id25)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id26)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id27)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id28)
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins . (id29)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id30)
city is in the country . (id31)
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader . (id32)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id33)
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located . (id34)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id35)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id36)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id37)
the monument is made with rock . (id38)
dublin is in the country . (id39)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id40)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id41)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id42)
marv wolfman won the award . (id43)
a . c . cesena plays in ground and is also the in the league league , and the champions won the championship league division . (id44)
the building is in country where they speak language . (id45)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id46)
building is located in the location , where the language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is asians . the leadertitle is the most important leader , and leadername is also a leader . (id47)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id48)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id49)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id50)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and they play in the league league . (id51)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id52)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id53)
astronaut is a us national . (id54)
" building is in location which is part of cuyahoga county in ispartof . the governing body of location is governingbody . " . (id55)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id56)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id57)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id58)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id59)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id60)
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby . (id61)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id62)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id63)
astronaut is a us national . (id64)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id65)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id66)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id67)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id68)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id69)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id70)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id71)
building , located in the ampara district of the eastern province , country , has bedcount beds . (id72)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english . (id73)
greece ' s leader is leader . (id74)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id75)
the monument is made with rock . (id76)
the main ingredients of food , a dish from the country , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id77)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id78)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id79)
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew . (id80)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id81)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id82)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id83)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id84)
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground . (id85)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id86)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id87)
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby . (id88)
the mariott international hotel in location is a tenant of building and was designed by architect . (id89)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id90)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id91)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id92)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id93)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id94)
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id96)
city is part of ispartof . (id97)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id98)
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername . (id99)
the olympic stadium ( location ) is located in the city of location . (id100)
writtenwork was originally published in english ( the language of spokenin ) . in the country , leadername is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . (id101)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id102)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id103)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id104)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id105)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id106)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id107)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id108)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . (id109)
in new zealand , the 3rd runway at ardmore airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the order order . (id110)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id111)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id112)
the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location granted technical campus status to the university in the city of city which is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by , located in location . (id113)
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername . (id114)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id115)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id116)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id117)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id118)
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername . (id119)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building , that is situated in location and owned by the college of william and mary . (id120)
language is spoken in mexico . (id121)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of java . (id122)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id123)
the airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . (id124)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id125)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id126)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id127)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id128)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id129)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id130)
building is located in location , where ethnic groups include the asian south africans and the ethnicgroup . the capital of location is capital . (id131)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id132)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id133)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id134)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id135)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id136)
the capital of south africa is capital . (id137)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id138)
one of the sports offered at the university is tennis , whose governing body is the sportsgoverningbody . (id139)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id140)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id141)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id142)
the ataturk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in location . (id143)
lemon comes from the plant order order . (id144)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location . (id145)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id146)
building is in country . (id147)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id148)
the leadertitle leads city . (id149)
john van den brom plays for sportsteam . (id150)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id151)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby . (id152)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id153)
alan shephard was an american born on november 18th , 1923 in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa and he served as a crew member of was a crew member of . he died in deathplace . (id154)
the currenttenants is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall . (id155)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id156)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id157)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id158)
michele marcolini has won the award . (id159)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id160)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id161)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id162)
food is found in the region of region , country . (id163)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id164)
the book writtenwork is written in english , the language spoken in spokenin . it was followed by followedby . (id165)
the operatingorganisation fought in the korean war , bombed libya in 1986 and operates al asad airbase . (id166)
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 . (id167)
food is a regional dish containing lemons from the region in columbia . (id168)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id169)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id170)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id171)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id172)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id173)
the architect of building is architect . (id174)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id175)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id176)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id177)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id178)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id179)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id180)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id181)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id182)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id183)
building is located in the eastern province , country , where leadername is a key leader . (id184)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id185)
food is a mexican dish from the region region , where aristoteles sandoval is a leader . food is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id186)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id187)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id188)
ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states . (id189)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id190)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id191)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id192)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id193)
writtenwork was written in country , where white people live , and published by publisher between precededby and followedby . (id194)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id195)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id196)
the runway length of airport , location , is runwaylength . (id197)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id198)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id199)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id200)
city is part of ispartof . (id201)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id202)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id203)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id204)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id205)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id206)
a flowering plant includes the division of almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco . (id207)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id208)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id209)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id210)
the address of building is address , gujarat , location , country . (id211)
astronaut was born in birthplace and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot who was also a crew member of the operator operated was a crew member of . he is now retired . the commander of was a crew member of was commander . (id212)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id213)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id214)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id215)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id216)
the owner of the building is owner and the owner is owner . (id217)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id218)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id219)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id220)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id221)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id222)
food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id223)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the country . (id224)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id225)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id226)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id227)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id228)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id229)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id230)
food is from either france , the region region . it includes meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id231)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id232)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id233)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id234)
the monument is made with rock . (id235)
food is from the region region . (id236)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id237)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id238)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id239)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id240)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id241)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id242)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id243)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id244)
building is located in the eastern province , country , where leadername is a key leader . (id245)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id246)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id247)
astronaut won awards awards . (id248)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id249)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . the abbreviation of the writtenwork is abbreviation . (id250)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id251)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id252)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id253)
the operating organization for airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in headquarter . (id254)
astronaut was a student at the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the compete in . astronaut died in deathplace . (id255)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id256)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id257)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , where the capital is capital , the official language is italian and the leader is leader . (id258)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id259)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id260)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id261)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id262)
the leadertitle leads city . (id263)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id264)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id265)
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level . (id266)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id267)
food is a dish made in china and also found in region . capital is the capital of the country and leadername is a leader . (id268)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id269)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id270)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id271)
city is part of ispartof . (id272)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . like in spokenin , english is also spoken in the country . (id273)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id274)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id275)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the country which is inhabited by demonym , where the leader is leader . (id276)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id277)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id278)
the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location granted technical campus status to the university in the city of city which is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by , located in location . (id279)
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup . (id280)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id281)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , a class classed member of the order of order , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . (id282)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id283)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id284)
building was in augurated on inaugurationdate . (id285)
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername . (id286)
writtenwork was written in the country where the capital city is washington d . c . additionally , ethnicgroup are one of the ethnic minorities in the country . (id287)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id288)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id289)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id290)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id291)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id292)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id293)
part is part of amsterdam . (id294)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id295)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id296)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id297)
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount . (id298)
language is spoken in mexico . (id299)
airport is located in location . (id300)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id301)
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling . (id302)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id303)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id304)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id305)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id306)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id307)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id308)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id309)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id310)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id311)
albany is located in the city of city . (id312)
arem arem has its origins in indonesian speaking , region . (id313)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id314)
airport is 3 . 3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt . (id315)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id316)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id317)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id318)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id319)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id320)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id321)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id322)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id323)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id324)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id325)
astronaut , a test pilot , was born in birthplace and graduated from nwc with a ma in 1957 . he died in deathplace . (id326)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id327)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id328)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id329)
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders . (id330)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id331)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id332)
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the country . (id333)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id334)
writtenwork by j . v . jones was produced in mediatype and has an isbn number of isbn_number . (id335)
there are floorcount floors at building . (id336)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id337)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id338)
writtenwork is from the country therefore is written in english . (id339)
there are floorcount floors at building . (id340)
the monument is located in location . (id341)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id342)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id343)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id344)
the leadertitle leads city . (id345)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id346)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id347)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id348)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id349)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id350)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id351)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id352)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id353)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id354)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id355)
barny cakes can be found in country , where two of the leaders are , gerard larcher and leadername . (id356)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id357)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id358)
the leader of japan is leadername . (id359)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id360)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id361)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id362)
airport is located in location , country where largestcity is the largest city and the language is spoken . the capital city is austin . (id363)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id364)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id365)
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id366)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id367)
the university in city , country is affiliated to the affiliation . it was established in the year established and has b m reddy as president . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id368)
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander . (id369)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id370)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id371)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id372)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id373)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id374)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id375)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id376)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id377)
leadername is the leader of location which is part of awadh and ispartof . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . (id378)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id379)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id380)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id381)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id382)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id383)
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 . (id384)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id385)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id386)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id387)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id388)
dishvariation is a variation of siomay . (id389)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id390)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id391)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battles and uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and transportaircraft transport aircraft . (id392)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id393)
the area code for city is areacode . (id394)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id395)
astronaut was an american astronaut , born on november 18th , 1923 , in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and died in deathplace . (id396)
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there . (id397)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id398)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id399)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id400)
the monument is located in location . (id401)
sportsteam , whose nickname is alvinegro , play in the league league in country . previous champions of the serie c were champions . (id402)
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant . (id403)
with an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at location ( part of the madrid community ) , in country . (id404)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id405)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id406)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id407)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id408)
potter county is in state state . (id409)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id410)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id411)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id412)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id413)
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername . (id414)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id415)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id416)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country . (id417)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id418)
a flowering plant includes the division of almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco . (id419)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id420)
building is located in location . (id421)
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername . (id422)
the leadertitle leads city . (id423)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the country where the leader is leadername . the country is the origin of the book writtenwork which was written in english , as spoken in spokenin . (id424)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id425)
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country . (id426)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and the full name of " sportsteam " . (id427)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id428)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id429)
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location . (id430)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . (id431)
university is located in country . (id432)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id433)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id434)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id435)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id436)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id437)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id438)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id439)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id440)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id441)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id442)
harrietstown , new york , is part of ispartof . (id443)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id444)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id445)
gus poyet ' s club is sportsteam . (id446)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id447)
writtenwork is written in english , a language spoken in spokenin . it is published in the country where ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id448)
the book writtenwork comes from the u . s , the capital of this country is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english , same as in spokenin . (id449)
university in country was established in established and is affiliated with affiliation . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar . (id450)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id451)
food can be chocolate flavoured . it was made in apple and contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id452)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id453)
barny cakes are found in country where the language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader . barny cakes were created by creator which was founded in foundationplace . (id454)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id455)
building is in eastern province , country which is lead by leadername . the leader of country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader in the eastern province is leadername . (id456)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id457)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id458)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id459)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id460)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id461)
the monument is made with rock . (id462)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id463)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id464)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id465)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id466)
the monument is located in location . (id467)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id468)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of with commander commander . (id469)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id470)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id471)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id472)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id473)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id474)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id475)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id476)
writtenwork , with an oclc number of oclc_number , is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number , and its oclc number is oclc_number . (id477)
astronaut was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of mission ( for which backup pilot was the backup pilot ) . in total , bean spent 100305 minutes in space . (id478)
airport , located in location , ispartof , has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . location has a part of awadh and ispartof . (id479)
the utc offset in the country is the church of country . (id480)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id481)
the airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . (id482)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id483)
the olympic stadium in location is where the aek location football club play . (id484)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id485)
the university in city , country is affiliated to the affiliation . it was established in the year established and has b m reddy as president . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id486)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id487)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id488)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id489)
city is part of ispartof . (id490)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id491)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id492)
building is located in location , gujarat , country . gujarat ' s leader is known as the leadertitle and leadername was lord mayor of country . (id493)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id494)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id495)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id496)
" building is in location which is part of cuyahoga county in ispartof . the governing body of location is governingbody . " . (id497)
the runway name of ardmore airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in new zealand , is runwayname , its length is runwaylength and the surface is made of poaceae . (id498)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id499)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id500)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id501)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id502)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id503)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id504)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id505)
sportsteam , which has numberofmembers members , played in the league in the season season . (id506)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id507)
manager is the manager of sportsteam which is owned by owner . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as . (id508)
the university of texas , austin , is affiliated with the affiliation . (id509)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id510)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country . (id511)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and the full name of " sportsteam " . (id512)
university is located in city , country and its president is president . (id513)
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount . (id514)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id515)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id516)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id517)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id518)
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 . (id519)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id520)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id521)
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding . (id522)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id523)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id524)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id525)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id526)
runwayname is the name of the runway at country international airport in icolo e bengo , country . (id527)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id528)
the architecture style of building is architecturalstyle . it was constructed from buildingstartdate to completiondate and is located on st . benedict ' s monastery in location . (id529)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id530)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id531)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id532)
writtenwork is written in english , a language spoken in spokenin . it is published in the country where ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id533)
city is in the country . (id534)
edwin e aldrin jr ( more usually known as buzz ) , has retired . he was born in birthplace on 20 january 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a scd and became a fighter pilot and became a crew member on was a crew member of . (id535)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id536)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id537)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id538)
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length . (id539)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id540)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id541)
food can be chocolate flavoured . it was made in apple and contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id542)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id543)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id544)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id545)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id546)
airport serves the city of cityserved . the runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan is runwaylength long . the airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) above sea level . (id547)
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername . (id548)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id549)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id550)
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " . (id551)
airport is located in location . (id552)
food comes from the country of country . it is a variation of siomay and dishvariation ( which include shitake mushrooms ) . (id553)
the university is located in country , it has numberofstudents students and dean is its dean . (id554)
the architect of building is architect . (id555)
airport is operated by operatingorganisation , it is 211m above sea level . (id556)
leadername is a leader in region . beef kway teow is also from country . (id557)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id558)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id559)
contra costa county is part of the ispartof . (id560)
demonym are the people who live in italy . (id561)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id562)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id563)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id564)
city is part of ispartof . (id565)
writtenwork was written by author . (id566)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id567)
french is one of the languages spoken in belgium . (id568)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id569)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id570)
food is a dish from the region of region and includes gram flour and vegetables . (id571)
leadername and t . s . thakur are leaders in country where the people are called indians . it is also where food originates from . (id572)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id573)
paracuellos de jarama is part of ispartof . (id574)
owner own building in location , country . (id575)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id576)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id577)
the ground for aek athens fc is the ground located in location . (id578)
the headquarter is the headquarters of the operatingorganisation who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in location which is led by the leadertitle . (id579)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id580)
with a runway length of runwaylength airport serves the city of abilene in texas . cityserved is part of ispartof in the country . (id581)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id582)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id583)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id584)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id585)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id586)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id587)
building is located in location , where ethnic groups include the asian south africans and the ethnicgroup . the capital of location is capital . (id588)
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " . (id589)
californian born architect architect designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of significantbuilding and the los angeles herald examiner building . (id590)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id591)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the capital of which is capital . the leader of ground is leader and the language spoken there is italian . (id592)
afc ground is located in ground where the leader is the leader . stuart parker , who has managed afc blackpool , has represented the club kv mechelen and also has managed afc ground . (id593)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id594)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id595)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic . (id596)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id597)
the comic character auron , whose full name is fullname , was created by marv wolfman and creator . (id598)
john buscema won the award . (id599)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id600)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id601)
writtenwork was written in the country where the main language is english ( originated in spokenin ) . natives americans are an ethnic group of the us . (id602)
city is part of ispartof . (id603)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id604)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id605)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id606)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id607)
leadername is the name of the leader of greece . (id608)
barny cakes contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id609)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id610)
astronaut is a us national . (id611)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id612)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id613)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id614)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id615)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which was preceded by the novel castle and followed by above the veil . (id616)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id617)
astronaut ( born in birthplace ) went to the almamater and died in deathplace on 1966 - 02 - 08 . (id618)
the leader of country is phillipe of country . cityserved , country is served by cityserved international airport . (id619)
barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from country , where the national language is french and leadername and gerard larcher . (id620)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id621)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id622)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa . he died in deathplace on the 21st july 1998 . (id623)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id624)
the impact factor of writtenwork is impactfactor . (id625)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id626)
the monument is located in location . (id627)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id628)
the monument is made with rock . (id629)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id630)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id631)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id632)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id633)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id634)
" alternativename " , also known as blockbuster , is a comic character created by roger stern and creator . (id635)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id636)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id637)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id638)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id639)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id640)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id641)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id642)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . (id643)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id644)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id645)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id646)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id647)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id648)
city is located within the country . (id649)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id650)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id651)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id652)
the area code for city is areacode . (id653)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id654)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id655)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id656)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id657)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby and followed by followedby which is written in english . (id658)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id659)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id660)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id661)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id662)
food is from either france , the region region . it includes meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id663)
the address of building is address , gujarat , location , country . (id664)
runwayname is the name of the runway at country international airport in icolo e bengo , country . (id665)
city is part of ispartof . (id666)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id667)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id668)
author is the author of weymouth sands . (id669)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id670)
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby . (id671)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id672)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id673)
california is in the country . (id674)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id675)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id676)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id677)
the monument is made with rock . (id678)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id679)
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . (id680)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id681)
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 . (id682)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id683)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id684)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id685)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id686)
writtenwork was written by author . (id687)
food comes from country where the leader is leadername . it is also served in region where they speak chinese and carrie lam is the leader . (id688)
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup . (id689)
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location . (id690)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id691)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id692)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id693)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id694)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id695)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id696)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id697)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id698)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id699)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id700)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the country where the leader is leadername . the country is the origin of the book writtenwork which was written in english , as spoken in spokenin . (id701)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which is examples of austrlian literature . (id702)
city is part of ispartof . (id703)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id704)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id705)
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername . (id706)
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group . (id707)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id708)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id709)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id710)
lahore is located in country . (id711)
the university , governed by the sportsgoverningbody , was established in established . the governing body for tennis is the sportsgoverningbody . (id712)
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest . (id713)
food is a food found in country where language is spoken . (id714)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id715)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id716)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id717)
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " . (id718)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id719)
chicago is part of ispartof . (id720)
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members . (id721)
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . (id722)
building was completed in completiondate . (id723)
building is in country . (id724)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id725)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id726)
airport can be found in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called runwayname . (id727)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id728)
the fossil is a fossil from the azerbaijan premier league . (id729)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id730)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id731)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id732)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id733)
creator created the comic book character called comicscharacter , whose alternative name is also comicscharacter . (id734)
leadername is the leader in indonesia . (id735)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id736)
airport ( icao_location_identifier ) is in location . the operatingorganisation is located there . (id737)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id738)
john buscema won the award . (id739)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id740)
astronaut was a crew member on the was a crew member of mission along with backup pilot as backup pilot and commander as the commander . astronaut then retired in 1969 . (id741)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id742)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id743)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id744)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id745)
the university has numberofstudents students and was established in established . it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id746)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id747)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id748)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id749)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id750)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id751)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id752)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id753)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id754)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id755)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number . (id756)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id757)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id758)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id759)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id760)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id761)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id762)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id763)
building is located in region , country . (id764)
airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level , and its operators are in operatingorganisation . (id765)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building , that is situated in location and owned by the college of william and mary . (id766)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id767)
food is a food found in country . country ' s leader is leadername and the currency is the country . (id768)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id769)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id770)
jens hartel plays for club . (id771)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id772)
airport is in location , atlantic county , country . the airport has a runway length of 1873 . (id773)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id774)
country is the country food comes from . ethnic groups there include the moro and llocano people . languages spoken are officiallanguage and language . (id775)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and its ground is located in ground . they play in league league where carpi 1909 are previous champions . (id776)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id777)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id778)
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located . (id779)
sportsteam play in the league league which is from country . (id780)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id781)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id782)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id783)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id784)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id785)
albany is located in the city of city . (id786)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id787)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id788)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location ( known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by designer and is dedicated to dedicatedto . it is located in baku . (id789)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id790)
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans . (id791)
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator . (id792)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id793)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id794)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id795)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id796)
the olympic stadium ( location ) is located in the city of location . (id797)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id798)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id799)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id800)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id801)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id802)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id803)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id804)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id805)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id806)
building , completed in completiondate , was designed by architect and completed in completiondate . (id807)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id808)
the runway length of airport is runwaylength . (id809)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id810)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id811)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id812)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id813)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id814)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id815)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id816)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id817)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id818)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id819)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id820)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id821)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id822)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id823)
barny cakes are found in country where the language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader . barny cakes were created by creator which was founded in foundationplace . (id824)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id825)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id826)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id827)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id828)
building , located on 23rd street manhattan , was added to the national register of historic places april 23 , 1980 and has reference number : referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id829)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id830)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id831)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id832)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id833)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id834)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id835)
airport serves the city of cityserved , with a runway length of runwaylength . and has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . (id836)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id837)
the monument is made with rock . (id838)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id839)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id840)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id841)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id842)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id843)
the olympic stadium in location is where the aek location football club play . (id844)
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator . (id845)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id846)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id847)
the monument is located in location . (id848)
building has the tudor revival architectural style , and it is located in location . (id849)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id850)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id851)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id852)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id853)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id854)
food is a food found in country . country ' s leader is leadername and the currency is the country . (id855)
city is part of ispartof . (id856)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id857)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id858)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id859)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id860)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id861)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id862)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id863)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id864)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id865)
food is from country . (id866)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id867)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id868)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id869)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id870)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id871)
astronaut won awards awards . (id872)
contra costa county is part of the ispartof . (id873)
the university , country , has numberofstudents students , academicstaffsize academic staff and was established in established . (id874)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id875)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id876)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id877)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id878)
airport is located in location , country . (id879)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id880)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id881)
the university is located in country . country ' s capital is capital ; its leader is leadername and its ethnic group is the germans of country . (id882)
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level . (id883)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id884)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id885)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id886)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id887)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id888)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id889)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id890)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id891)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id892)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id893)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id894)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id895)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id896)
lahore is located in country . (id897)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id898)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id899)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id900)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id901)
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders . (id902)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id903)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id904)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id905)
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby . (id906)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id907)
michele marcolini has won the award . (id908)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id909)
city is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . (id910)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id911)
arem arem has its origins in indonesian speaking , region . (id912)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id913)
writtenwork was originally published in english ( the language of spokenin ) . in the country , leadername is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . (id914)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id915)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id916)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id917)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id918)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id919)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id920)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id921)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . (id922)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id923)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id924)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id925)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id926)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id927)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id928)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location . (id929)
chicago is part of ispartof . (id930)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id931)
writtenwork is written in english . (id932)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater . (id933)
city is located east of the has to its west and is affiliated with the affiliation . it is the location of the university in the city of city . (id934)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id935)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id936)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id937)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id938)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id939)
the architect of building is architect . (id940)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id941)
the university in country was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post - graduate students . it is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id942)
the monument is made with rock . (id943)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id944)
building is located in location . (id945)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id946)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id947)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id948)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id949)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id950)
the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id951)
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength . (id952)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id953)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id954)
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup . (id955)
japan has an ethnic group called ethnicgroup . (id956)
airport ( icao_location_identifier ) is in location . the operatingorganisation is located there . (id957)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id958)
the leader of country is phillipe of country . cityserved , country is served by cityserved international airport . (id959)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id960)
barny cakes contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id961)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id962)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id963)
building is in eastern province , country which is lead by leadername . the leader of country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader in the eastern province is leadername . (id964)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id965)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id966)
food is a dish from region , where english is the spoken language . the leader of country is leadername . (id967)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id968)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id969)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id970)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id971)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id972)
the area code for city is areacode . (id973)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id974)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id975)
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup . (id976)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id977)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id978)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic . (id979)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id980)
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length . (id981)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id982)
airport , located in location , ispartof , has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . location has a part of awadh and ispartof . (id983)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id984)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id985)
the leader of azerbaijan is leadername . (id986)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id987)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id988)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id989)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id990)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id991)
astronaut was born in glen ridge , ispartof , usa . leadername is the leader of birthplace . (id992)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id993)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id994)
writtenwork , written by author , has the oclc number oclc_number and isbn number isbn_number . it is published in mediatype . (id995)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id996)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id997)
sandesh and food are both desserts . food contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order plant order . (id998)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id999)
food is from the region region . (id1000)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id1001)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id1002)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id1003)
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y . (id1004)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id1005)
the leader of aarhus is leadername . (id1006)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id1007)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id1008)
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country . (id1009)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id1010)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id1011)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id1012)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1013)
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id1014)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id1015)
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . (id1016)
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter . (id1017)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id1018)
the capital of denmark is capital . (id1019)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id1020)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id1021)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id1022)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id1023)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id1024)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id1025)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id1026)
kansas city , usa is the home of the food it includes sausage and bacon . (id1027)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id1028)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id1029)
city is in the country . (id1030)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id1031)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id1032)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id1033)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id1034)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id1035)
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . (id1036)
airport , operated by the usaf , is found in location and has a runway length of runwaylength . (id1037)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id1038)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id1039)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id1040)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id1041)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id1042)
the owner of the building is owner and the owner is owner . (id1043)
the architecture style of building , located in location and constructed between buildingstartdate and completiondate is tudor and jacobean . (id1044)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1045)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id1046)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id1047)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id1048)
the monument , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id1049)
building was built in yearofconstruction . (id1050)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id1051)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id1052)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id1053)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id1054)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id1055)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id1056)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id1057)
writtenwork was written by author . (id1058)
airport can be found in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called runwayname . (id1059)
a glastonbuy romance is published by publisher , whose founder is founder . (id1060)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id1061)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id1062)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id1063)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id1064)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id1065)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id1066)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1067)
the architect of building is architect . (id1068)
the headquarter is the headquarters of the operatingorganisation who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in location which is led by the leadertitle . (id1069)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id1070)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id1071)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id1072)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id1073)
building is in country . (id1074)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building in location which is owned by the college of william and mary . (id1075)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id1076)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id1077)
building is located in location . (id1078)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is parentcompany . it originates in the country which is lead by leadername . (id1079)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater . (id1080)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id1081)
owner own building in location , country . (id1082)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id1083)
barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from country , where the national language is french and leadername and gerard larcher . (id1084)
building is in country . (id1085)
the main ingredients of food are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id1086)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id1087)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id1088)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id1089)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id1090)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1091)
airport is located in location . (id1092)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id1093)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id1094)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1095)
edwin e aldrin jr ( more usually known as buzz ) , has retired . he was born in birthplace on 20 january 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a scd and became a fighter pilot and became a crew member on was a crew member of . (id1096)
the university in city , state , country has academicstaffsize academic staff . state has mahe , country to its northwest . the river is a river in country and largestcity is its largest city . (id1097)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battles and uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and transportaircraft transport aircraft . (id1098)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id1099)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id1100)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id1101)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id1102)
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by the author john cowper powys . (id1103)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id1104)
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew . (id1105)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1106)
the monument is made with rock . (id1107)
astronaut was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of mission ( for which backup pilot was the backup pilot ) . in total , bean spent 100305 minutes in space . (id1108)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id1109)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id1110)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government . (id1111)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id1112)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id1113)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id1114)
the champions of the united states are qarabag fk . (id1115)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id1116)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id1117)
city is in the country . (id1118)
the writtenwork comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . (id1119)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id1120)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id1121)
construction of building , location , began in january 2014 . the building has floorcount floors , a floor area of floorarea and cost 110 million dollars . (id1122)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1123)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id1124)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id1125)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id1126)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id1127)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id1128)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id1129)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id1130)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id1131)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id1132)
food is found in the region of region , country . (id1133)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id1134)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id1135)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id1136)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id1137)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id1138)
sportsteam , which has numberofmembers members , played in the league in the season season . (id1139)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id1140)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id1141)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id1142)
airport is located in location . (id1143)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id1144)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id1145)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id1146)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . astronaut retired on 1 august 1974 . (id1147)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id1148)
city is located within the country . (id1149)
university is located in country . (id1150)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id1151)
the full name of ac chievo ground which has numberofmembers members , is " fullname " . the club play in ground and were part of the serie a 2014 - 15 season . (id1152)
mainingredients are the main ingredients of food , which is a dish that comes from country . (id1153)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id1154)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id1155)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id1156)
city is part of ispartof . (id1157)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id1158)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id1159)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id1160)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id1161)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1162)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id1163)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id1164)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id1165)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id1166)
marv wolfman won the award . (id1167)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id1168)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28th 1966 . he was a student at the almamater . (id1169)
the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id1170)
the university in city was given the " technical campus " status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id1171)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id1172)
astronaut died in deathplace where senators was the senator representing the state . (id1173)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id1174)
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest . (id1175)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id1176)
astronaut is a us national who was a member of the was a crew member of crew ( operated by operator ) . the back up pilot was backup pilot . (id1177)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id1178)
building is in location in country . the leader of country is leadername , its capital is capital , and the official currency is the currency . (id1179)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id1180)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he died in deathplace . (id1181)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id1182)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id1183)
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader . (id1184)
university is located in country . (id1185)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id1186)
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters . (id1187)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id1188)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id1189)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id1190)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1191)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id1192)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id1193)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id1194)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id1195)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id1196)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby . (id1197)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id1198)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id1199)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id1200)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id1201)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id1202)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id1203)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id1204)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id1205)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1206)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id1207)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id1208)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id1209)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id1210)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id1211)
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast . (id1212)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id1213)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id1214)
gus poyet ' s club is sportsteam . (id1215)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id1216)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id1217)
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " . (id1218)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id1219)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id1220)
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . (id1221)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id1222)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id1223)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id1224)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id1225)
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername . (id1226)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id1227)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id1228)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id1229)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id1230)
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id1231)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id1232)
building is located in gujarat , location , country , where gujarat is lead by leadername . (id1233)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id1234)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id1235)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of oclc_number and the lccn number isbn_number . (id1236)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id1237)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id1238)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id1239)
food originates from the antioquia region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae family . (id1240)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id1241)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id1242)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id1243)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id1244)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id1245)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id1246)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id1247)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id1248)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id1249)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1250)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id1251)
city is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . (id1252)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id1253)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id1254)
leadername is the leader of location which is part of awadh and ispartof . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . (id1255)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1256)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . astronaut retired on 1 august 1974 . (id1257)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id1258)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id1259)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id1260)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id1261)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id1262)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id1263)
university is in the state of state which has the has to its west to the west and the has to its west to the west . the school was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . (id1264)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id1265)
astronaut , formerly a crew member of was a crew member of retired in dateofretirement . (id1266)
the book writtenwork comes from the u . s , the capital of this country is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english , same as in spokenin . (id1267)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id1268)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id1269)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id1270)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id1271)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id1272)
food is a food found in country where language is spoken . (id1273)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id1274)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id1275)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id1276)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id1277)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id1278)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is part of kimberly , wisconsin . (id1279)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id1280)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id1281)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id1282)
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 . (id1283)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id1284)
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert . (id1285)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id1286)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id1287)
the capital of south africa is capital . (id1288)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id1289)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id1290)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id1291)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 23 july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater and died in st louis . (id1292)
city is located east of the has to its west and is affiliated with the affiliation . it is the location of the university in the city of city . (id1293)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id1294)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id1295)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id1296)
massimo drago plays for club . (id1297)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id1298)
the area code for city is areacode . (id1299)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id1300)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1301)
writtenwork was written in country , where white people live , and published by publisher between precededby and followedby . (id1302)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id1303)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id1304)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1305)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id1306)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id1307)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id1308)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id1309)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id1310)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id1311)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id1312)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id1313)
the area code for city is areacode . (id1314)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id1315)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id1316)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id1317)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id1318)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id1319)
food is from country ( felipe vi is the leader ) , from the region of the region , the leader of which is ximo puig . demonym is the name given to people from region . (id1320)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id1321)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id1322)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id1323)
capital is the capital city in the uk . (id1324)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id1325)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id1326)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1327)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id1328)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id1329)
tony tan and leadername are leaders in region , a country where english is spoken . food comes from region . it is also a popular food in country . (id1330)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id1331)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id1332)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id1333)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id1334)
massimo drago plays for club . (id1335)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id1336)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id1337)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id1338)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id1339)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id1340)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id1341)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id1342)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id1343)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id1344)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id1345)
country is the country food comes from . ethnic groups there include the moro and llocano people . languages spoken are officiallanguage and language . (id1346)
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number . (id1347)
dishvariation is a dessert , as is food which contains raisins . (id1348)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id1349)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id1350)
writtenwork , with an oclc number of oclc_number , is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number , and its oclc number is oclc_number . (id1351)
the capital of denmark is capital . (id1352)
building is located in the location , where the language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is asians . the leadertitle is the most important leader , and leadername is also a leader . (id1353)
astronaut was an american astronaut , born on november 18th , 1923 , in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and died in deathplace . (id1354)
leadername is the leader of india . (id1355)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id1356)
the monument is a contributing property located in location , with franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . (id1357)
saranac lake , new york is part of ispartof . (id1358)
the leadertitle leads city . (id1359)
a . c . cesena plays in ground and is also the in the league league , and the champions won the championship league division . (id1360)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id1361)
sportsteam is located in location . (id1362)
food is from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id1363)
sportsteam play in the league league which is from country . (id1364)
the runway length of airport , location , is runwaylength . (id1365)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id1366)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id1367)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id1368)
writtenwork ( abbreviation ) has a coden code of " coden_code " and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id1369)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and they play in the league league . (id1370)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id1371)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id1372)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1373)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id1374)
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for club . (id1375)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id1376)
keyperson is the key person for the broadcastedby which broadcast comicscharacter and has its home at locationcity in london . (id1377)
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y . (id1378)
food is from the region region . (id1379)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id1380)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id1381)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id1382)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id1383)
like demonym , food can be found in country . where the capital is capital and leadername is one of the country ' s leaders . italian is the language spoken in country . (id1384)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id1385)
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup . (id1386)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id1387)
astronaut died in deathplace . (id1388)
abbreviation journal has the coden code coden_code . and is often abbreviated as abbreviation . (id1389)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id1390)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id1391)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id1392)
the monument is a contributing property located in location , with franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . (id1393)
building are located in location , new york in the country . the leader of ispartof , part of location , is cyrus vance jr . (id1394)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id1395)
building is located in location . (id1396)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1397)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id1398)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id1399)
saranac lake , new york is part of ispartof . (id1400)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id1401)
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters . (id1402)
writtenwork by author comes in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id1403)
leadername is the leader of denmark . (id1404)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id1405)
afc ground is located in ground where the leader is the leader . stuart parker , who has managed afc blackpool , has represented the club kv mechelen and also has managed afc ground . (id1406)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id1407)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id1408)
food originates from country where the currency is the euro . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of country and the language spoken is spanish . (id1409)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id1410)
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground . (id1411)
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 . (id1412)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id1413)
sportsteam stands for " fullname " . they competed in the season season and have numberofmembers members . (id1414)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id1415)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id1416)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id1417)
the main ingredients of food are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id1418)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id1419)
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter . (id1420)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country . (id1421)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id1422)
one of the sports offered at the university is tennis , whose governing body is the sportsgoverningbody . (id1423)
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . (id1424)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id1425)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id1426)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id1427)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id1428)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id1429)
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans . (id1430)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id1431)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id1432)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id1433)
building is located in location . (id1434)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id1435)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id1436)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id1437)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id1438)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id1439)
airport is located in location , country . its runway name is runwayname . (id1440)
astronaut was a crew member on the was a crew member of mission along with backup pilot as backup pilot and commander as the commander . astronaut then retired in 1969 . (id1441)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . like in spokenin , english is also spoken in the country . (id1442)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id1443)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id1444)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id1445)
the airport is in location , which is in ispartof . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin and greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin . (id1446)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id1447)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id1448)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , where the capital is capital , the official language is italian and the leader is leader . (id1449)
building is located in location . (id1450)
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for club . (id1451)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1452)
food is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , country . the leader of country is leadername ; malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in country . (id1453)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id1454)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio benregodi . (id1455)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id1456)
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by the author john cowper powys . (id1457)
pakistan ' s leader is leadername . (id1458)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1459)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1460)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and played in the season season . (id1461)
the university in location , country was established in established . it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is leadername . (id1462)
capital is the capital city in the uk . (id1463)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa . he died in deathplace on the 21st july 1998 . (id1464)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id1465)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id1466)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english . (id1467)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id1468)
airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level . (id1469)
university is located in city , country and its president is president . (id1470)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id1471)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id1472)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id1473)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id1474)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id1475)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id1476)
the main ingredients in food from region , country , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id1477)
owner own building in location , country . (id1478)
the coden code for the writtenwork , abbreviated to abbreviation , is coden_code . (id1479)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id1480)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id1481)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id1482)
food is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , country . the leader of country is leadername ; malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in country . (id1483)
airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level , and its operators are in operatingorganisation . (id1484)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id1485)
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername . (id1486)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1487)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio benregodi . (id1488)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . (id1489)
the university in city , state , country has academicstaffsize academic staff . state has mahe , country to its northwest . the river is a river in country and largestcity is its largest city . (id1490)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id1491)
a . s . roma was in the season season . (id1492)
airport is located in location . (id1493)
airport is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of cityserved . (id1494)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id1495)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id1496)
the book writtenwork is written in english , the language spoken in spokenin . it was followed by followedby . (id1497)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id1498)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and played in the season season . (id1499)
food is a dish from region , home to ethnicgroup . the dish can also be found in country , where the malay are an ethnic group . (id1500)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id1501)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id1502)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id1503)
building , completed in completiondate , was designed by architect and completed in completiondate . (id1504)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id1505)
the operating organization for airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in headquarter . (id1506)
the impact factor of writtenwork is impactfactor . (id1507)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id1508)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id1509)
alan shephard was an american born on november 18th , 1923 in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa and he served as a crew member of was a crew member of . he died in deathplace . (id1510)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1511)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 . (id1512)
writtenwork was written in the country where the main language is english ( originated in spokenin ) . natives americans are an ethnic group of the us . (id1513)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id1514)
sportsteam stands for " fullname " . they competed in the season season and have numberofmembers members . (id1515)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which was preceded by the novel castle and followed by above the veil . (id1516)
astronaut , formerly a crew member of was a crew member of retired in dateofretirement . (id1517)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id1518)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id1519)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id1520)
writtenwork was written by author . (id1521)
food is from country . (id1522)
food originates from country , where t . s . thakur and leadername are leaders . (id1523)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id1524)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id1525)
airport is located in location . (id1526)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id1527)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id1528)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id1529)
the ataturk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in location . (id1530)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id1531)
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername . (id1532)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id1533)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id1534)
the main ingredients of food , a dish from the country , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id1535)
food is a dish from region , where english is the spoken language . the leader of country is leadername . (id1536)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1537)
building was added to the national register of historic places on " added to the national register of historic places " . (id1538)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of with commander commander . (id1539)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , after graduating from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . (id1540)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id1541)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id1542)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is part of kimberly , wisconsin . (id1543)
airport is located in punjab , country and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is operated by the country civil aviation authority . leadername is one of the leaders of country . (id1544)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id1545)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id1546)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id1547)
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members . (id1548)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id1549)
astronaut , a test pilot , was born in birthplace and graduated from nwc with a ma in 1957 . he died in deathplace . (id1550)
with an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at location ( part of the madrid community ) , in country . (id1551)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id1552)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of with commander commander . (id1553)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id1554)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id1555)
astronaut won awards awards . (id1556)
the leader of azerbaijan is leadername . (id1557)
the mariott international hotel in location is a tenant of building and was designed by architect . (id1558)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id1559)
the coden code for the writtenwork , abbreviated to abbreviation , is coden_code . (id1560)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1561)
the operatingorganisation fought in the korean war , bombed libya in 1986 and operates al asad airbase . (id1562)
the architecture style of building , located in location and constructed between buildingstartdate and completiondate is tudor and jacobean . (id1563)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id1564)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id1565)
the monument is located in location . (id1566)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id1567)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id1568)
the writtenwork is the academic discipline of academicdiscipline which is part of the family family . (id1569)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1570)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id1571)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id1572)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1573)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id1574)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id1575)
potter county is in state state . (id1576)
astronaut is a us national who was a member of the was a crew member of crew ( operated by operator ) . the back up pilot was backup pilot . (id1577)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id1578)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id1579)
genus is the genus of persea . (id1580)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id1581)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id1582)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id1583)
airport serves the city of appleton in location . both grand chute and menasha are parts of greenville . (id1584)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id1585)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id1586)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1587)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id1588)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id1589)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id1590)
food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id1591)
massimo drago plays for club . (id1592)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id1593)
airport is located in location , country . its runway name is runwayname . (id1594)
greek is spoken in greece . (id1595)
dishvariation is a dessert , as is food which contains raisins . (id1596)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id1597)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id1598)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id1599)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id1600)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id1601)
the leadertitle leads city . (id1602)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id1603)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1604)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id1605)
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam . (id1606)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id1607)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id1608)
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup . (id1609)
the utc offset in the country is the church of country . (id1610)
lemon comes from the plant order order . (id1611)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id1612)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id1613)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id1614)
alan b miller hall was completed on completiondate in location , country . the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id1615)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id1616)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id1617)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id1618)
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling . (id1619)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id1620)
author is the author of weymouth sands . (id1621)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id1622)
building was completed in completiondate . (id1623)
leadername and t . s . thakur are leaders in country where the people are called indians . it is also where food originates from . (id1624)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id1625)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id1626)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id1627)
the runway name of ardmore airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in new zealand , is runwayname , its length is runwaylength and the surface is made of poaceae . (id1628)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id1629)
the oclc number of writtenwork penned by author is oclc_number . (id1630)
building was built in yearofconstruction . (id1631)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id1632)
leadername is a leader in region . beef kway teow is also from country . (id1633)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id1634)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id1635)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id1636)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id1637)
the key person of the bbc is keyperson . (id1638)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he died in deathplace . (id1639)
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id1640)
food is a mexican dish from the region region , where aristoteles sandoval is a leader . food is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id1641)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28th 1966 . he was a student at the almamater . (id1642)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id1643)
california is in the country . (id1644)
the oclc number of writtenwork penned by author is oclc_number . (id1645)
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername . (id1646)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id1647)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id1648)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id1649)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id1650)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id1651)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id1652)
the monument is made with rock . (id1653)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id1654)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id1655)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id1656)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . (id1657)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id1658)
astronaut died in deathplace where senators was the senator representing the state . (id1659)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id1660)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id1661)
the capital of new jersey is newark . (id1662)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id1663)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id1664)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id1665)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id1666)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1667)
the airport is in location , which is in ispartof . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin and greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin . (id1668)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id1669)
in ispartof we have abilene which is usually served by the abilene regional airport , located in the united states . (id1670)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id1671)
the capital of new jersey is newark . (id1672)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id1673)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1674)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id1675)
writtenwork was written in country and published by publisher . it was followed by followedby . (id1676)
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county . (id1677)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . (id1678)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id1679)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id1680)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id1681)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id1682)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id1683)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id1684)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id1685)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1686)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id1687)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id1688)
city is located within the country . (id1689)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id1690)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1691)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id1692)
city is part of ispartof . (id1693)
the monument is made with rock . (id1694)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id1695)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id1696)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id1697)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id1698)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id1699)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id1700)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id1701)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id1702)
ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states . (id1703)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id1704)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government . (id1705)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id1706)
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam . (id1707)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id1708)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id1709)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id1710)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id1711)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number . (id1712)
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number . (id1713)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id1714)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id1715)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id1716)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id1717)
the main ingredients in food from region , country , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id1718)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id1719)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id1720)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id1721)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id1722)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id1723)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id1724)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id1725)
the university ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city , country , 560090 . it was established in established and its motto is " motto " . it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id1726)
dishvariation can be added to bionico . (id1727)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id1728)
lee state is in the state of state , in the state of state . (id1729)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id1730)
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength . (id1731)
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym . (id1732)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id1733)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id1734)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id1735)
the leadertitle leads city . (id1736)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id1737)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id1738)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id1739)
food comes from the country of country . it is a variation of siomay and dishvariation ( which include shitake mushrooms ) . (id1740)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id1741)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id1742)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id1743)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id1744)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id1745)
the architect of building is architect . (id1746)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id1747)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id1748)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id1749)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id1750)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id1751)
food is from the region region of columbia and includes lemon . lemons are from the order order and of the rutaceae family . (id1752)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id1753)
leadername is the leader of india . (id1754)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1755)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id1756)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id1757)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id1758)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id1759)
airport is located in location . (id1760)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id1761)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id1762)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id1763)
airport , operated by the usaf , is found in location and has a runway length of runwaylength . (id1764)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id1765)
food is from country . (id1766)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id1767)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id1768)
the area code for city is areacode . (id1769)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id1770)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id1771)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id1772)
dishvariation is a variation of arem arem , which if found nationwide in indonesia but is more specific to java . its main ingredients are compressed rice , which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id1773)
the key person of the bbc is keyperson . (id1774)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id1775)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id1776)
marv wolfman won the award . (id1777)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id1778)
city is part of ispartof . (id1779)
the university in location , country was established in established . it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is leadername . (id1780)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id1781)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id1782)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id1783)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id1784)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id1785)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id1786)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id1787)
the university , country , has numberofstudents students , academicstaffsize academic staff and was established in established . (id1788)
astronaut won awards awards . (id1789)
astronaut won awards awards . (id1790)
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast . (id1791)
alan b miller hall was completed on completiondate in location , country . the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id1792)
bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . (id1793)
the leadertitle leads city . (id1794)
the monument is made with rock . (id1795)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id1796)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1797)
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander . (id1798)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id1799)
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county . (id1800)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id1801)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id1802)
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding . (id1803)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1804)
with a runway length of runwaylength airport serves the city of abilene in texas . cityserved is part of ispartof in the country . (id1805)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id1806)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id1807)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id1808)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id1809)
the monument , found in location , is dedicated to the dedicatedto . leader is the leader of location . (id1810)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id1811)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id1812)
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant . (id1813)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id1814)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id1815)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id1816)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id1817)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id1818)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id1819)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id1820)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id1821)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id1822)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id1823)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id1824)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id1825)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id1826)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id1827)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id1828)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id1829)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id1830)
afc fylde has the full name " fullname " , it ' s grounds are ground and it has numberofmembers members . (id1831)
airport serves the city of cityserved . the runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan is runwaylength long . the airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) above sea level . (id1832)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id1833)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id1834)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id1835)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id1836)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id1837)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id1838)
in new zealand , the 3rd runway at ardmore airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the order order . (id1839)
the university in country was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post - graduate students . it is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id1840)
the 1st runway of cityserved airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is made of poaceae and is runwaylength long . (id1841)
the writtenwork comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . (id1842)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id1843)
food originates from country , where t . s . thakur and leadername are leaders . (id1844)
the champions of the united states are qarabag fk . (id1845)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id1846)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id1847)
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins . (id1848)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id1849)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id1850)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id1851)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id1852)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id1853)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id1854)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id1855)
food is a dish from the region of region and includes gram flour and vegetables . (id1856)
bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . (id1857)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id1858)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id1859)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id1860)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id1861)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id1862)
university is located in country . (id1863)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id1864)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id1865)
the architecture style of building , located in location and constructed between buildingstartdate and completiondate is tudor and jacobean . (id1866)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater . (id1867)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id1868)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id1869)
kansas city , usa is the home of the food it includes sausage and bacon . (id1870)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id1871)
the currenttenants is located in alan b miller hall in location , country . (id1872)
the food comes from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup live . (id1873)
lee state is in the state of state , in the state of state . (id1874)
the ground for aek athens fc is the ground located in location . (id1875)
the architecture style of building is architecturalstyle . it was constructed from buildingstartdate to completiondate and is located on st . benedict ' s monastery in location . (id1876)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id1877)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . (id1878)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id1879)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id1880)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1881)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id1882)
sportsteam , whose nickname is alvinegro , play in the league league in country . previous champions of the serie c were champions . (id1883)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id1884)
airport is in location , atlantic county , country . the airport has a runway length of 1873 . (id1885)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio benregodi . (id1886)
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername . (id1887)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id1888)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id1889)
airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level . (id1890)
airport is located in location . (id1891)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the country which is inhabited by demonym , where the leader is leader . (id1892)
pakistan ' s leader is leadername . (id1893)
the headquarter is the headquarters of the operatingorganisation who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in location which is led by the leadertitle . (id1894)
the university in location , country was established in established . it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is leadername . (id1895)
dishvariation can be added to bionico . (id1896)
food is from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id1897)
the university in city , country is affiliated to the affiliation . it was established in the year established and has b m reddy as president . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id1898)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id1899)
the writtenwork is the academic discipline of academicdiscipline which is part of the family family . (id1900)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id1901)
writtenwork was written in the country where the capital city is washington d . c . additionally , ethnicgroup are one of the ethnic minorities in the country . (id1902)
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername . (id1903)
airport is located in location . (id1904)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id1905)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id1906)
leadername is the leader of country where the writtenwork is published by publisher . (id1907)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id1908)
lahore is located in country . (id1909)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . (id1910)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id1911)
the postal codes for the julia ababa postal code is areacode . (id1912)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id1913)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id1914)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1915)
dublin is part of the ispartof . (id1916)
university is in the state of state which has the has to its west to the west and the has to its west to the west . the school was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . (id1917)
construction of building , location , began in january 2014 . the building has floorcount floors , a floor area of floorarea and cost 110 million dollars . (id1918)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id1919)
writtenwork ( abbreviation ) has a coden code of " coden_code " and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id1920)
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 . (id1921)
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , ispartof . he was a member of operator ' s was a crew member of crew , along with backup pilot astronaut . leadername was the american leader . (id1922)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id1923)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id1924)
the ataturk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in location . (id1925)
building are located in location , new york in the country . the leader of ispartof , part of location , is cyrus vance jr . (id1926)
leadername is the leader of denmark . (id1927)
building , completed in completiondate , was designed by architect and completed in completiondate . (id1928)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building in location which is owned by the college of william and mary . (id1929)
french is one of the languages spoken in belgium . (id1930)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id1931)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id1932)
building is located in location . (id1933)
lee state is in the state of state , in the state of state . (id1934)
the currenttenants is located in alan b miller hall in location , country . (id1935)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id1936)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id1937)
harrietstown , new york , is part of ispartof . (id1938)
a glastonbuy romance is published by publisher , whose founder is founder . (id1939)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id1940)
the food comes from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup live . (id1941)
writtenwork ( abbreviation ) has a coden code of " coden_code " and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id1942)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id1943)
building is located in gujarat , location , country , where gujarat is lead by leadername . (id1944)
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername . (id1945)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location . (id1946)
building is located in gujarat , location , country , where gujarat is lead by leadername . (id1947)
building is located in region , country . (id1948)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id1949)
university is located in city , country and its president is president . (id1950)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id1951)
the university in city , state , country has academicstaffsize academic staff . state has mahe , country to its northwest . the river is a river in country and largestcity is its largest city . (id1952)
airport is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of cityserved . (id1953)
the university has numberofstudents students and was established in established . it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id1954)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id1955)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id1956)
the operating organization for airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in headquarter . (id1957)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id1958)
like demonym , food can be found in country . where the capital is capital and leadername is one of the country ' s leaders . italian is the language spoken in country . (id1959)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the country . (id1960)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id1961)
building has the tudor revival architectural style , and it is located in location . (id1962)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . it was managed by manager , who is in the season season . it has numberofmembers members . (id1963)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id1964)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id1965)
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length . (id1966)
demonym are the people who live in italy . (id1967)
the university ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city , country , 560090 . it was established in established and its motto is " motto " . it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id1968)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id1969)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id1970)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id1971)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id1972)
food come from the region region of country . the leaders of the country are narendra modi and leadername . (id1973)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id1974)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id1975)
the tenant of the building , which has floorcount floors , is tenant . (id1976)
the full name of ac chievo ground which has numberofmembers members , is " fullname " . the club play in ground and were part of the serie a 2014 - 15 season . (id1977)
astronaut ( born in birthplace ) went to the almamater and died in deathplace on 1966 - 02 - 08 . (id1978)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id1979)
the fossil is a fossil from the azerbaijan premier league . (id1980)
albany is located in the city of city . (id1981)
the airport is in location , which is in ispartof . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin and greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin . (id1982)
the runway length of airport is runwaylength . (id1983)
the akita museum is located in akita , location , country . (id1984)
the university is located in country , it has numberofstudents students and dean is its dean . (id1985)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id1986)
writtenwork is from the country therefore is written in english . (id1987)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id1988)
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername . (id1989)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id1990)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id1991)
building was completed in completiondate . (id1992)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id1993)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id1994)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id1995)
in ispartof we have abilene which is usually served by the abilene regional airport , located in the united states . (id1996)
building was added to the national register of historic places on " added to the national register of historic places " . (id1997)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id1998)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id1999)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby and followed by followedby which is written in english . (id2000)
airport is located in punjab , country and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is operated by the country civil aviation authority . leadername is one of the leaders of country . (id2001)
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there . (id2002)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id2003)
leadername is the leader of country where the writtenwork is published by publisher . (id2004)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id2005)
food comes from country where the leader is leadername . it is also served in region where they speak chinese and carrie lam is the leader . (id2006)
barny cakes can be found in country , where two of the leaders are , gerard larcher and leadername . (id2007)
leadername is the leader of denmark . (id2008)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id2009)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id2010)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id2011)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id2012)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id2013)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id2014)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id2015)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id2016)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id2017)
" building is in location which is part of cuyahoga county in ispartof . the governing body of location is governingbody . " . (id2018)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id2019)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . like in spokenin , english is also spoken in the country . (id2020)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id2021)
building is in eastern province , country which is lead by leadername . the leader of country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader in the eastern province is leadername . (id2022)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . (id2023)
writtenwork by j . v . jones was produced in mediatype and has an isbn number of isbn_number . (id2024)
the leader of regionserved is called leadername . (id2025)
the ground for aek athens fc is the ground located in location . (id2026)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english . (id2027)
alan shephard was an american born on november 18th , 1923 in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa and he served as a crew member of was a crew member of . he died in deathplace . (id2028)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id2029)
writtenwork by j . v . jones was produced in mediatype and has an isbn number of isbn_number . (id2030)
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " . (id2031)
japan has an ethnic group called ethnicgroup . (id2032)
food originates from the antioquia region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae family . (id2033)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id2034)
astronaut was a student at the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the compete in . astronaut died in deathplace . (id2035)
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername . (id2036)
dishvariation is a variation of siomay . (id2037)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id2038)
airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level . (id2039)
massimo drago plays for club . (id2040)
french is one of the languages spoken in belgium . (id2041)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id2042)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id2043)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id2044)
the university has numberofstudents students and was established in established . it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id2045)
the writtenwork is the academic discipline of academicdiscipline which is part of the family family . (id2046)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id2047)
city is part of ispartof . (id2048)
building , located in the ampara district of the eastern province , country , has bedcount beds . (id2049)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id2050)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id2051)
keyperson is the key person for the broadcastedby which broadcast comicscharacter and has its home at locationcity in london . (id2052)
the leadertitle leads city . (id2053)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id2054)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id2055)
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant . (id2056)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id2057)
airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level . (id2058)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location ( known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by designer and is dedicated to dedicatedto . it is located in baku . (id2059)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id2060)
university in country was established in established and is affiliated with affiliation . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar . (id2061)
edwin e aldrin jr ( more usually known as buzz ) , has retired . he was born in birthplace on 20 january 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a scd and became a fighter pilot and became a crew member on was a crew member of . (id2062)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id2063)
the food has its origins in the country , home to ethnicgroup . the u . s . has leader leadername with its capital in washington d . c . (id2064)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , a class classed member of the order of order , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . (id2065)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id2066)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , ispartof where the lord mayor is criona ni dhalaigh . (id2067)
food is a regional dish containing lemons from the region in columbia . (id2068)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id2069)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id2070)
food comes from country where the leader is leadername . it is also served in region where they speak chinese and carrie lam is the leader . (id2071)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of oclc_number and the lccn number isbn_number . (id2072)
a glastonbuy romance is published by publisher , whose founder is founder . (id2073)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . the abbreviation of the writtenwork is abbreviation . (id2074)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id2075)
food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id2076)
mainingredients are the main ingredients of food , which is a dish that comes from country . (id2077)
food is a dish from region , home to ethnicgroup . the dish can also be found in country , where the malay are an ethnic group . (id2078)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id2079)
airport is located in location , country where largestcity is the largest city and the language is spoken . the capital city is austin . (id2080)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id2081)
the leadertitle leads city . (id2082)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id2083)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id2084)
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location . (id2085)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . the abbreviation of the writtenwork is abbreviation . (id2086)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and played in the season season . (id2087)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id2088)
sportsteam is located in location . (id2089)
food is a dish made in china and also found in region . capital is the capital of the country and leadername is a leader . (id2090)
food originates from country , where t . s . thakur and leadername are leaders . (id2091)
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members . (id2092)
the university is located in country . country ' s capital is capital ; its leader is leadername and its ethnic group is the germans of country . (id2093)
writtenwork , written by author , has the oclc number oclc_number and isbn number isbn_number . it is published in mediatype . (id2094)
food is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , country . the leader of country is leadername ; malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in country . (id2095)
" alternativename " , also known as blockbuster , is a comic character created by roger stern and creator . (id2096)
the leader of regionserved is called leadername . (id2097)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id2098)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id2099)
abbreviation journal has the coden code coden_code . and is often abbreviated as abbreviation . (id2100)
the runway length of airport is runwaylength . (id2101)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id2102)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id2103)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which is examples of austrlian literature . (id2104)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id2105)
food come from the region region of country . the leaders of the country are narendra modi and leadername . (id2106)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id2107)
food originates from country where the currency is the euro . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of country and the language spoken is spanish . (id2108)
creator created the comic book character called comicscharacter , whose alternative name is also comicscharacter . (id2109)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which was preceded by the novel castle and followed by above the veil . (id2110)
the monument is located in location . (id2111)
language is spoken in mexico . (id2112)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id2113)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id2114)
the olympic stadium in location is where the aek location football club play . (id2115)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id2116)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id2117)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id2118)
the postal codes for the julia ababa postal code is areacode . (id2119)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id2120)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id2121)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id2122)
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 . (id2123)
afc fylde has the full name " fullname " , it ' s grounds are ground and it has numberofmembers members . (id2124)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id2125)
in ispartof we have abilene which is usually served by the abilene regional airport , located in the united states . (id2126)
writtenwork , written by author , has the oclc number oclc_number and isbn number isbn_number . it is published in mediatype . (id2127)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id2128)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id2129)
dishvariation is a variation of arem arem , which if found nationwide in indonesia but is more specific to java . its main ingredients are compressed rice , which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id2130)
university in country was established in established and is affiliated with affiliation . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar . (id2131)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa . he died in deathplace on the 21st july 1998 . (id2132)
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " . (id2133)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is parentcompany . it originates in the country which is lead by leadername . (id2134)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id2135)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id2136)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id2137)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id2138)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id2139)
airport is located in location . (id2140)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id2141)
contra costa county is part of the ispartof . (id2142)
city is in the country . (id2143)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and its ground is located in ground . they play in league league where carpi 1909 are previous champions . (id2144)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id2145)
food is a dessert . (id2146)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id2147)
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the country . (id2148)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id2149)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id2150)
building is in location in country . the leader of country is leadername , its capital is capital , and the official currency is the currency . (id2151)
the runway name of ardmore airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in new zealand , is runwayname , its length is runwaylength and the surface is made of poaceae . (id2152)
the food has its origins in the country , home to ethnicgroup . the u . s . has leader leadername with its capital in washington d . c . (id2153)
writtenwork was written in country and published by publisher . it was followed by followedby . (id2154)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id2155)
building is located in location , where ethnic groups include the asian south africans and the ethnicgroup . the capital of location is capital . (id2156)
food is a javanese dish found in country where the language is indonesian and the leader is leadername . the currency of country is the currency . (id2157)
building is in location in country . the leader of country is leadername , its capital is capital , and the official currency is the currency . (id2158)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id2159)
city is part of ispartof . (id2160)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id2161)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id2162)
airport serves the city of appleton in location . both grand chute and menasha are parts of greenville . (id2163)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id2164)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , after graduating from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . (id2165)
sportsteam stands for " fullname " . they competed in the season season and have numberofmembers members . (id2166)
building are located in location , new york in the country . the leader of ispartof , part of location , is cyrus vance jr . (id2167)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id2168)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id2169)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , ispartof where the lord mayor is criona ni dhalaigh . (id2170)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . (id2171)
barny cakes can be found in country , where two of the leaders are , gerard larcher and leadername . (id2172)
the runway length of airport is runwaylength . (id2173)
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground . (id2174)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building in location which is owned by the college of william and mary . (id2175)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id2176)
leadername is the leader in indonesia . (id2177)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id2178)
airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level , and its operators are in operatingorganisation . (id2179)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id2180)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in location . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id2181)
food is a dish from region , home to ethnicgroup . the dish can also be found in country , where the malay are an ethnic group . (id2182)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location ( known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by designer and is dedicated to dedicatedto . it is located in baku . (id2183)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id2184)
the building is in country where they speak language . (id2185)
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter . (id2186)
the university , governed by the sportsgoverningbody , was established in established . the governing body for tennis is the sportsgoverningbody . (id2187)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id2188)
food is a dish from the region of region and includes gram flour and vegetables . (id2189)
john van den brom plays for sportsteam . (id2190)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id2191)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id2192)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id2193)
writtenwork by author comes in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id2194)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the country which is inhabited by demonym , where the leader is leader . (id2195)
the university in city was given the " technical campus " status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id2196)
californian born architect architect designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significant buildings of significantbuilding and the los angeles herald examiner building . (id2197)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id2198)
kansas city , usa is the home of the food it includes sausage and bacon . (id2199)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id2200)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id2201)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the capital of which is capital . the leader of ground is leader and the language spoken there is italian . (id2202)
greek is spoken in greece . (id2203)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id2204)
the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id2205)
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country . (id2206)
with an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at location ( part of the madrid community ) , in country . (id2207)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id2208)
airport is located in location . (id2209)
university is in the state of state which has the has to its west to the west and the has to its west to the west . the school was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . (id2210)
the leadertitle leads city . (id2211)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id2212)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id2213)
food is from the region region . (id2214)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id2215)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id2216)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id2217)
airport is 3 . 3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt . (id2218)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id2219)
astronaut , a test pilot , was born in birthplace and graduated from nwc with a ma in 1957 . he died in deathplace . (id2220)
building , located on 23rd street manhattan , was added to the national register of historic places april 23 , 1980 and has reference number : referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id2221)
the leadertitle leads city . (id2222)
food is from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id2223)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id2224)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id2225)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id2226)
sportsteam , which has numberofmembers members , played in the league in the season season . (id2227)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id2228)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id2229)
university is located in country and largestcity is the largest city . the river is a river in country . (id2230)
abbreviation journal has the coden code coden_code . and is often abbreviated as abbreviation . (id2231)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id2232)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id2233)
writtenwork is written in english . (id2234)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of java . (id2235)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id2236)
sportsteam , whose nickname is alvinegro , play in the league league in country . previous champions of the serie c were champions . (id2237)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id2238)
the university ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city , country , 560090 . it was established in established and its motto is " motto " . it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id2239)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id2240)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id2241)
university is located in country and largestcity is the largest city . the river is a river in country . (id2242)
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . (id2243)
the book writtenwork comes from the u . s , the capital of this country is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english , same as in spokenin . (id2244)
food can be chocolate flavoured . it was made in apple and contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id2245)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id2246)
writtenwork , with an oclc number of oclc_number , is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number , and its oclc number is oclc_number . (id2247)
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans . (id2248)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id2249)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id2250)
writtenwork was written in country and published by publisher . it was followed by followedby . (id2251)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of java . (id2252)
food come from the region region of country . the leaders of the country are narendra modi and leadername . (id2253)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id2254)
the capital of indiana is capital . (id2255)
the monument , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id2256)
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup . (id2257)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id2258)
genus is the genus of persea . (id2259)
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters . (id2260)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id2261)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id2262)
food is from country ( felipe vi is the leader ) , from the region of the region , the leader of which is ximo puig . demonym is the name given to people from region . (id2263)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id2264)
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by the author john cowper powys . (id2265)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id2266)
writtenwork was written in the country where the main language is english ( originated in spokenin ) . natives americans are an ethnic group of the us . (id2267)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id2268)
