the leadertitle leads city . (id1)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id2)
the architect of building is architect . (id3)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id4)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id5)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id6)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id7)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id8)
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert . (id9)
the tenant of the building , which has floorcount floors , is tenant . (id10)
the food has its origins in the country , home to ethnicgroup . the u . s . has leader leadername with its capital in washington d . c . (id11)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id12)
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there . (id13)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id14)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id15)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id16)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id17)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id18)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id19)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id20)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id21)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id22)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id23)
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym . (id24)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id25)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id26)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id27)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id28)
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins . (id29)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id30)
city is in the country . (id31)
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader . (id32)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id33)
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located . (id34)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id35)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id36)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id37)
the monument is made with rock . (id38)
building was in augurated on inaugurationdate . (id39)
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername . (id40)
writtenwork was written in the country where the capital city is washington d . c . additionally , ethnicgroup are one of the ethnic minorities in the country . (id41)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id42)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id43)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id44)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id45)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id46)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id47)
part is part of amsterdam . (id48)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id49)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id50)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id51)
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount . (id52)
language is spoken in mexico . (id53)
airport is located in location . (id54)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id55)
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling . (id56)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id57)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id58)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id59)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id60)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id61)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id62)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and the full name of " sportsteam " . (id63)
university is located in city , country and its president is president . (id64)
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount . (id65)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id66)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id67)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id68)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id69)
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 . (id70)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id71)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id72)
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding . (id73)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id74)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id75)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id76)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id77)
runwayname is the name of the runway at country international airport in icolo e bengo , country . (id78)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id79)
the architecture style of building is architecturalstyle . it was constructed from buildingstartdate to completiondate and is located on st . benedict ' s monastery in location . (id80)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id81)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id82)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id83)
writtenwork is written in english , a language spoken in spokenin . it is published in the country where ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id84)
city is in the country . (id85)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id86)
california is in the country . (id87)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id88)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id89)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id90)
the monument is made with rock . (id91)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id92)
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . (id93)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id94)
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 . (id95)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id96)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id97)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id98)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id99)
writtenwork was written by author . (id100)
food comes from country where the leader is leadername . it is also served in region where they speak chinese and carrie lam is the leader . (id101)
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup . (id102)
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location . (id103)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id104)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id105)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id106)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id107)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id108)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id109)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id110)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id111)
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level . (id112)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id113)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id114)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id115)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id116)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id117)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id118)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id119)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id120)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id121)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id122)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id123)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id124)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id125)
lahore is located in country . (id126)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id127)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id128)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id129)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id130)
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders . (id131)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id132)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id133)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id134)
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby . (id135)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id136)
