the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id1)
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength . (id2)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id3)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id4)
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup . (id5)
japan has an ethnic group called ethnicgroup . (id6)
airport ( icao_location_identifier ) is in location . the operatingorganisation is located there . (id7)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id8)
the leader of country is phillipe of country . cityserved , country is served by cityserved international airport . (id9)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id10)
barny cakes contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id11)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id12)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id13)
building is in eastern province , country which is lead by leadername . the leader of country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader in the eastern province is leadername . (id14)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id15)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id16)
food is a dish from region , where english is the spoken language . the leader of country is leadername . (id17)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id18)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id19)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id20)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id21)
