building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id1)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id2)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id3)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id4)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id5)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id6)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id7)
food is found in the region of region , country . (id8)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id9)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id10)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id11)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id12)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id13)
sportsteam , which has numberofmembers members , played in the league in the season season . (id14)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id15)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id16)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id17)
airport is located in location . (id18)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id19)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id20)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id21)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . astronaut retired on 1 august 1974 . (id22)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id23)
city is located within the country . (id24)
university is located in country . (id25)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id26)
the full name of ac chievo ground which has numberofmembers members , is " fullname " . the club play in ground and were part of the serie a 2014 - 15 season . (id27)
mainingredients are the main ingredients of food , which is a dish that comes from country . (id28)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id29)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id30)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id31)
city is part of ispartof . (id32)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id33)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id34)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id35)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id36)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id37)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id38)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id39)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id40)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id41)
marv wolfman won the award . (id42)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id43)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28th 1966 . he was a student at the almamater . (id44)
the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id45)
the university in city was given the " technical campus " status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id46)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id47)
astronaut died in deathplace where senators was the senator representing the state . (id48)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id49)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id50)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id51)
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 . (id52)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id53)
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert . (id54)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id55)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id56)
the capital of south africa is capital . (id57)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id58)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id59)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id60)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 23 july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater and died in st louis . (id61)
city is located east of the has to its west and is affiliated with the affiliation . it is the location of the university in the city of city . (id62)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id63)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id64)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id65)
massimo drago plays for club . (id66)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id67)
the area code for city is areacode . (id68)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id69)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id70)
writtenwork was written in country , where white people live , and published by publisher between precededby and followedby . (id71)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id72)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id73)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id74)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id75)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id76)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id77)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id78)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id79)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id80)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id81)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id82)
the area code for city is areacode . (id83)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id84)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id85)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id86)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id87)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id88)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id89)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , where the capital is capital , the official language is italian and the leader is leader . (id90)
building is located in location . (id91)
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for club . (id92)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id93)
food is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , country . the leader of country is leadername ; malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in country . (id94)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id95)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio benregodi . (id96)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id97)
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by the author john cowper powys . (id98)
pakistan ' s leader is leadername . (id99)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id100)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id101)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and played in the season season . (id102)
the university in location , country was established in established . it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is leadername . (id103)
capital is the capital city in the uk . (id104)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa . he died in deathplace on the 21st july 1998 . (id105)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id106)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id107)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english . (id108)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id109)
airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level . (id110)
university is located in city , country and its president is president . (id111)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id112)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id113)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id114)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id115)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id116)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id117)
the main ingredients in food from region , country , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id118)
owner own building in location , country . (id119)
the coden code for the writtenwork , abbreviated to abbreviation , is coden_code . (id120)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id121)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id122)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id123)
food is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , country . the leader of country is leadername ; malay and malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in country . (id124)
airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level , and its operators are in operatingorganisation . (id125)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id126)
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername . (id127)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id128)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio benregodi . (id129)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . (id130)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . (id131)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id132)
astronaut died in deathplace where senators was the senator representing the state . (id133)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id134)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id135)
the capital of new jersey is newark . (id136)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id137)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id138)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id139)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id140)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id141)
the airport is in location , which is in ispartof . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin and greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin . (id142)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id143)
in ispartof we have abilene which is usually served by the abilene regional airport , located in the united states . (id144)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id145)
the capital of new jersey is newark . (id146)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id147)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id148)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id149)
writtenwork was written in country and published by publisher . it was followed by followedby . (id150)
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county . (id151)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . (id152)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id153)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id154)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id155)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id156)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id157)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id158)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id159)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id160)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id161)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id162)
city is located within the country . (id163)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id164)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id165)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id166)
city is part of ispartof . (id167)
the monument is made with rock . (id168)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id169)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id170)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id171)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id172)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id173)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id174)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id175)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id176)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id177)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id178)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id179)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id180)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id181)
afc fylde has the full name " fullname " , it ' s grounds are ground and it has numberofmembers members . (id182)
airport serves the city of cityserved . the runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan is runwaylength long . the airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) above sea level . (id183)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id184)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id185)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id186)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id187)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id188)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id189)
in new zealand , the 3rd runway at ardmore airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the order order . (id190)
the university in country was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post - graduate students . it is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id191)
the 1st runway of cityserved airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is made of poaceae and is runwaylength long . (id192)
the writtenwork comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . (id193)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id194)
food originates from country , where t . s . thakur and leadername are leaders . (id195)
the champions of the united states are qarabag fk . (id196)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id197)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id198)
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins . (id199)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id200)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id201)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id202)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id203)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id204)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id205)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id206)
food is a dish from the region of region and includes gram flour and vegetables . (id207)
bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . (id208)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id209)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id210)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id211)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id212)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id213)
