food and sandesh are both desserts .
the area code for city is areacode .
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron .
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers .
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup .
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places .
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace .
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic .
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter .
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members .
airport , located in location , ispartof , has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . location has a part of awadh and ispartof .
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital .
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country .
the leader of azerbaijan is leadername .
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) .
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region .
the apollo 12 operator is operator .
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club .
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername .
astronaut was born in glen ridge , ispartof , usa . leadername is the leader of birthplace .
the runway name of airport is runwayname .
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
writtenwork , written by author , has the oclc number oclc_number and isbn number isbn_number . it is published in mediatype .
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof .
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof .
sandesh and food are both desserts . food contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order plant order .
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number .
food is from the region region .
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french .
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital .
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring .
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y .
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction .
the leader of aarhus is leadername .
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym .
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground .
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country .
ingredient is included in the dessert , food .
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region .
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long .
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club .
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation .
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername .
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon .
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter .
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername .
the capital of denmark is capital .
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors .
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location .
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby .
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken .
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken .
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland .
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation .
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize .
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country .
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in .
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location .
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast .
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of .
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number .
gus poyet ' s club is sportsteam .
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found .
airport is located in the ispartof in the location .
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " .
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency .
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart .
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon .
building is located in country , whose capital is capital .
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart .
astronaut served as a occupation .
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername .
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers .
airport is located in the ispartof in the location .
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number .
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location .
building is located in gujarat , location , country , where gujarat is lead by leadername .
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream .
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of oclc_number and the lccn number isbn_number .
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members .
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername .
food originates from the antioquia region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae family .
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km .
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese .
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers .
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of .
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto .
food is from the region region .
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions .
astronaut served as a occupation .
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff .
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring .
like demonym , food can be found in country . where the capital is capital and leadername is one of the country ' s leaders . italian is the language spoken in country .
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell .
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup .
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
astronaut died in deathplace .
abbreviation journal has the coden code coden_code . and is often abbreviated as abbreviation .
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , .
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country .
the monument is a contributing property located in location , with franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north .
building are located in location , new york in the country . the leader of ispartof , part of location , is cyrus vance jr .
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country .
building is located in location .
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup .
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft .
saranac lake , new york is part of ispartof .
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others .
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters .
writtenwork by author comes in hardcover and has numberofpages pages .
leadername is the leader of denmark .
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number .
afc ground is located in ground where the leader is the leader . stuart parker , who has managed afc blackpool , has represented the club kv mechelen and also has managed afc ground .
food should be served " servingtemperature " .
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places .
food originates from country where the currency is the euro . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of country and the language spoken is spanish .
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader .
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground .
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 .
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace .
sportsteam stands for " fullname " . they competed in the season season and have numberofmembers members .
comicscharacter was created by creator .
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired .
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport .
the main ingredients of food are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 .
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country .
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages .
one of the sports offered at the university is tennis , whose governing body is the sportsgoverningbody .
leadername is the leader of the united states .
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector .
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland .
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername .
ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states .
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby .
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government .
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of .
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam .
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients .
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft .
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in .
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number .
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number .
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace .
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon .
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername .
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
the main ingredients in food from region , country , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others .
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , .
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean .
the university employs about 500 academic staff .
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin .
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro .
the university ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city , country , 560090 . it was established in established and its motto is " motto " . it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the affiliation .
dishvariation can be added to bionico .
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country .
lee state is in the state of state , in the state of state .
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " .
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength .
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym .
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food .
astronaut is from the nationality .
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of .
the leadertitle leads city .
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country .
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long .
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form .
food comes from the country of country . it is a variation of siomay and dishvariation ( which include shitake mushrooms ) .
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane .
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number .
the runway name of airport is runwayname .
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander .
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc .
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county .
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country .
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places .
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding .
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
with a runway length of runwaylength airport serves the city of abilene in texas . cityserved is part of ispartof in the country .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions .
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle .
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto .
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number .
the monument , found in location , is dedicated to the dedicatedto . leader is the leader of location .
writtenwork was published by publisher .
leadername is the leader of the united states .
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant .
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league .
ingredient is an ingredient of food .
cornell university is nicknamed nickname .
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym .
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher .
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup .
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live .
the leader of belgium is leadername .
