the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english .
greece ' s leader is leader .
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground .
the monument is made with rock .
the main ingredients of food , a dish from the country , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof .
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew .
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 .
astronaut , retired , is dead .
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil .
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " .
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground .
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number .
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby .
the mariott international hotel in location is a tenant of building and was designed by architect .
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions .
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro .
ingredient is an ingredient of food .
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group .
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location .
city is part of ispartof .
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location .
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername .
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders .
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 .
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions .
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the country .
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername .
writtenwork by j . v . jones was produced in mediatype and has an isbn number of isbn_number .
there are floorcount floors at building .
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title .
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country .
writtenwork is from the country therefore is written in english .
there are floorcount floors at building .
the monument is located in location .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader .
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members .
the leadertitle leads city .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members .
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order .
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane .
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans .
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam .
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country .
ingredient is an ingredient of food .
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital .
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader .
sportsteam played in the season season .
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername .
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby .
potter county is in state state .
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club .
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital .
the building of building began in buildingstartdate .
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername .
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh .
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country .
astronaut , retired , is dead .
a flowering plant includes the division of almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco .
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others .
building is located in location .
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername .
the leadertitle leads city .
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the country where the leader is leadername . the country is the origin of the book writtenwork which was written in english , as spoken in spokenin .
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club .
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and the full name of " sportsteam " .
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number .
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of .
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location .
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation .
university is located in country .
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane .
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup .
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground .
city is part of ispartof .
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of .
ingredient is an ingredient of food .
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername .
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group .
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase .
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring .
lahore is located in country .
the university , governed by the sportsgoverningbody , was established in established . the governing body for tennis is the sportsgoverningbody .
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest .
food is a food found in country where language is spoken .
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country .
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea .
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation .
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam .
chicago is part of ispartof .
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members .
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka .
building was completed in completiondate .
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number .
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members .
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation .
albany is located in the city of city .
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 .
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location ( known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by designer and is dedicated to dedicatedto . it is located in baku .
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama .
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator .
building , location is a building with floorcount floors .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
