the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id1)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id2)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id3)
kansas city , usa is the home of the food it includes sausage and bacon . (id4)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id5)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id6)
city is in the country . (id7)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id8)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id9)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id10)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id11)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id12)
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . (id13)
airport , operated by the usaf , is found in location and has a runway length of runwaylength . (id14)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id15)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id16)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id17)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id18)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id19)
the owner of the building is owner and the owner is owner . (id20)
the architecture style of building , located in location and constructed between buildingstartdate and completiondate is tudor and jacobean . (id21)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id22)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id23)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id24)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id25)
the monument , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id26)
building was built in yearofconstruction . (id27)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id28)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id29)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id30)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id31)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id32)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id33)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id34)
writtenwork was written by author . (id35)
airport can be found in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called runwayname . (id36)
a glastonbuy romance is published by publisher , whose founder is founder . (id37)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id38)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id39)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id40)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id41)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id42)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id43)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id44)
the architect of building is architect . (id45)
the headquarter is the headquarters of the operatingorganisation who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in location which is led by the leadertitle . (id46)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id47)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id48)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id49)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id50)
building is in country . (id51)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building in location which is owned by the college of william and mary . (id52)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id53)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id54)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id55)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id56)
country is the country food comes from . ethnic groups there include the moro and llocano people . languages spoken are officiallanguage and language . (id57)
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number . (id58)
dishvariation is a dessert , as is food which contains raisins . (id59)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id60)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id61)
writtenwork , with an oclc number of oclc_number , is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number , and its oclc number is oclc_number . (id62)
the capital of denmark is capital . (id63)
building is located in the location , where the language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is asians . the leadertitle is the most important leader , and leadername is also a leader . (id64)
astronaut was an american astronaut , born on november 18th , 1923 , in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and died in deathplace . (id65)
leadername is the leader of india . (id66)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id67)
the monument is a contributing property located in location , with franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . (id68)
saranac lake , new york is part of ispartof . (id69)
the leadertitle leads city . (id70)
a . c . cesena plays in ground and is also the in the league league , and the champions won the championship league division . (id71)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id72)
sportsteam is located in location . (id73)
food is from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id74)
sportsteam play in the league league which is from country . (id75)
the runway length of airport , location , is runwaylength . (id76)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id77)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id78)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id79)
writtenwork ( abbreviation ) has a coden code of " coden_code " and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id80)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and they play in the league league . (id81)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id82)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id83)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id84)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id85)
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for club . (id86)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id87)
keyperson is the key person for the broadcastedby which broadcast comicscharacter and has its home at locationcity in london . (id88)
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y . (id89)
the university in city , state , country has academicstaffsize academic staff . state has mahe , country to its northwest . the river is a river in country and largestcity is its largest city . (id90)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id91)
a . s . roma was in the season season . (id92)
airport is located in location . (id93)
airport is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of cityserved . (id94)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id95)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id96)
the book writtenwork is written in english , the language spoken in spokenin . it was followed by followedby . (id97)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id98)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and played in the season season . (id99)
food is a dish from region , home to ethnicgroup . the dish can also be found in country , where the malay are an ethnic group . (id100)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id101)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id102)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id103)
building , completed in completiondate , was designed by architect and completed in completiondate . (id104)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id105)
the operating organization for airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in headquarter . (id106)
the impact factor of writtenwork is impactfactor . (id107)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id108)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id109)
alan shephard was an american born on november 18th , 1923 in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa and he served as a crew member of was a crew member of . he died in deathplace . (id110)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id111)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 . (id112)
writtenwork was written in the country where the main language is english ( originated in spokenin ) . natives americans are an ethnic group of the us . (id113)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id114)
sportsteam stands for " fullname " . they competed in the season season and have numberofmembers members . (id115)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which was preceded by the novel castle and followed by above the veil . (id116)
astronaut , formerly a crew member of was a crew member of retired in dateofretirement . (id117)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id118)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id119)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id120)
writtenwork was written by author . (id121)
food is from country . (id122)
food originates from country , where t . s . thakur and leadername are leaders . (id123)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id124)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id125)
airport is located in location . (id126)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id127)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id128)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id129)
alan b miller hall was completed on completiondate in location , country . the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id130)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id131)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id132)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id133)
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling . (id134)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id135)
author is the author of weymouth sands . (id136)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id137)
building was completed in completiondate . (id138)
leadername and t . s . thakur are leaders in country where the people are called indians . it is also where food originates from . (id139)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id140)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id141)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id142)
the runway name of ardmore airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in new zealand , is runwayname , its length is runwaylength and the surface is made of poaceae . (id143)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id144)
the oclc number of writtenwork penned by author is oclc_number . (id145)
building was built in yearofconstruction . (id146)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id147)
leadername is a leader in region . beef kway teow is also from country . (id148)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id149)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id150)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id151)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id152)
the key person of the bbc is keyperson . (id153)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he died in deathplace . (id154)
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id155)
food is a mexican dish from the region region , where aristoteles sandoval is a leader . food is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id156)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28th 1966 . he was a student at the almamater . (id157)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id158)
california is in the country . (id159)
the oclc number of writtenwork penned by author is oclc_number . (id160)
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername . (id161)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id162)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id163)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id164)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id165)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id166)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id167)
the monument is made with rock . (id168)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id169)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id170)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id171)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id172)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id173)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id174)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id175)
the architect of building is architect . (id176)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id177)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id178)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id179)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id180)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id181)
food is from the region region of columbia and includes lemon . lemons are from the order order and of the rutaceae family . (id182)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id183)
leadername is the leader of india . (id184)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id185)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id186)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id187)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id188)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id189)
airport is located in location . (id190)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id191)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id192)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id193)
airport , operated by the usaf , is found in location and has a runway length of runwaylength . (id194)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id195)
food is from country . (id196)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id197)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id198)
