the olympic stadium ( location ) is located in the city of location . (id1)
writtenwork was originally published in english ( the language of spokenin ) . in the country , leadername is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . (id2)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id3)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id4)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id5)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id6)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id7)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id8)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id9)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . (id10)
in new zealand , the 3rd runway at ardmore airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the order order . (id11)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id12)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id13)
the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location granted technical campus status to the university in the city of city which is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by , located in location . (id14)
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername . (id15)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id16)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id17)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id18)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id19)
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername . (id20)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building , that is situated in location and owned by the college of william and mary . (id21)
language is spoken in mexico . (id22)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of java . (id23)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id24)
the airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . (id25)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id26)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id27)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id28)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id29)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id30)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id31)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id32)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id33)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id34)
albany is located in the city of city . (id35)
arem arem has its origins in indonesian speaking , region . (id36)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id37)
airport is 3 . 3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt . (id38)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id39)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id40)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id41)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id42)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id43)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id44)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id45)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id46)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id47)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id48)
astronaut , a test pilot , was born in birthplace and graduated from nwc with a ma in 1957 . he died in deathplace . (id49)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id50)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id51)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id52)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id53)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id54)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id55)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id56)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id57)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id58)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id59)
harrietstown , new york , is part of ispartof . (id60)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id61)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id62)
gus poyet ' s club is sportsteam . (id63)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id64)
writtenwork is written in english , a language spoken in spokenin . it is published in the country where ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id65)
the book writtenwork comes from the u . s , the capital of this country is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english , same as in spokenin . (id66)
university in country was established in established and is affiliated with affiliation . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar . (id67)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id68)
food can be chocolate flavoured . it was made in apple and contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id69)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id70)
barny cakes are found in country where the language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader . barny cakes were created by creator which was founded in foundationplace . (id71)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id72)
building is in eastern province , country which is lead by leadername . the leader of country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader in the eastern province is leadername . (id73)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id74)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id75)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id76)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id77)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby and followed by followedby which is written in english . (id78)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id79)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id80)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id81)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id82)
food is from either france , the region region . it includes meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id83)
the address of building is address , gujarat , location , country . (id84)
runwayname is the name of the runway at country international airport in icolo e bengo , country . (id85)
city is part of ispartof . (id86)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id87)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id88)
author is the author of weymouth sands . (id89)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id90)
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby . (id91)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id92)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id93)
the monument is made with rock . (id94)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id95)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id96)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id97)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id98)
