the leadertitle leads city .
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of .
the architect of building is architect .
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon .
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients .
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft .
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace .
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts .
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert .
the tenant of the building , which has floorcount floors , is tenant .
the food has its origins in the country , home to ethnicgroup . the u . s . has leader leadername with its capital in washington d . c .
leadername is the leader of the valencian community .
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there .
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number .
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients .
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number .
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator .
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam .
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 .
food should be served " servingtemperature " .
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto .
the runway name of airport is runwayname .
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek .
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym .
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice .
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired .
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate .
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country .
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins .
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader .
city is in the country .
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader .
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast .
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located .
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level .
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir .
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country .
the monument is made with rock .
building was in augurated on inaugurationdate .
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername .
writtenwork was written in the country where the capital city is washington d . c . additionally , ethnicgroup are one of the ethnic minorities in the country .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground .
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long .
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country .
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa .
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region .
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh .
part is part of amsterdam .
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 .
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages .
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace .
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount .
language is spoken in mexico .
airport is located in location .
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil .
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling .
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country .
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title .
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern .
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number .
comicscharacter was created by creator .
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and the full name of " sportsteam " .
university is located in city , country and its president is president .
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount .
writtenwork was followed by followedby .
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring .
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork .
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established .
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 .
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country .
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace .
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding .
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring .
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus .
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency .
runwayname is the name of the runway at country international airport in icolo e bengo , country .
the runway name of airport is runwayname .
the architecture style of building is architecturalstyle . it was constructed from buildingstartdate to completiondate and is located on st . benedict ' s monastery in location .
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there .
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny .
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places .
writtenwork is written in english , a language spoken in spokenin . it is published in the country where ethnicgroup are an ethnic group .
city is in the country .
ingredient is an ingredient of food .
california is in the country .
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established .
the manager of sportsteam is manager .
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number .
the monument is made with rock .
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables .
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number .
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 .
astronaut , retired , is dead .
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader .
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number .
writtenwork was written by author .
food comes from country where the leader is leadername . it is also served in region where they speak chinese and carrie lam is the leader .
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup .
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location .
food is from the region and contains bacon .
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country .
sportsteam played in the season season .
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken .
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername .
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants .
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class .
the university employs about 500 academic staff .
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level .
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace .
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live .
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring .
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername .
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname .
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice .
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin .
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location .
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint .
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients .
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 .
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
sportsteam played in the season season .
lahore is located in country .
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil .
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country .
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname .
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork .
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders .
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions .
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym .
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby .
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number .
