the character april o ' neal was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcasted by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is actually benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is otherwise known as bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states .
jill shilling stared in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steve t . seagle .
the character of ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski , otherwise known as bibbo , was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny , who is french .
the bbc broadcast bananaman , which last aired on 15th april 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which broadcast bananaman and has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and also produce bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . he was created by american , duncan rouleau .
gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
baymax is a character created by steve t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . he is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
