the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county in texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is the kasim rey . .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia , is dunwood .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the u . s .
the largest city in michigan is duttit .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portle . oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is where the akron , ohio is located .
albany is part of oregon which is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california which is part of california .
anaheim is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , u . s .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 square km . it is 13 . 0 above sea level .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres and is located at 24 . 0 above sea level .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is located in georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres and has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington dc .
the united states is home to african americans and is the origin place of albuquerque , new mexico .
albany , georgia is in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is the capition .
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , in new mexico , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the population density is 1140 . 3 square kilometres .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alpharetta , is part of fulton county , in the country , where alpharetta , is part of fulton county , in georgia .
alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia in the united states . there are many asian americans in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states .
anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
the california state senate is located at the california state capitol and is the location of the california state senate . the california state senate is located at the california state senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of poldale township , which is a part of poldale township , in indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the leader of antioch , california is united states house of representatives .
the county seat of arlington , tarrant county , is in tarrant county , texas , in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of atlanta .
the population density of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has the area code of 404 , and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the largest city is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is olympia .
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia which is the location of albany , georgia . the state ' s capital is atlanta and its capital is atlanta . the state ' s capital is atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states , where anderson is the largest city . the alexandria is part of madison county , indiana .
the capital of new jersey is in the united states . the atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey .
arlington is part of texas where houston is the largest city and english is the language spoken . it is part of texas and is part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the language is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where akron , ohio is located . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio , .
the united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the location of albany , oregon . it is part of benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , is within the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and the origin place of albany , georgia . the language of the united states is english .
the english language is used in the united states , where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the country is the origin of angola , indiana .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . they is the location of albany , georgia .
the area codes in albuquerque , new mexico are 505 and 575 , and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometers .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia which is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where amarillo is part of the country . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of amarillo , texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , and has the capital city of austin . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
the california state assembly is located in the state of california , where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is called the california state assembly . the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and the location of the california state assembly .
anderson , indiana is part of the county , fall creek , indiana . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level .
angola , indiana , is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . the total area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a total area of 102372 and a total area of 102372 . the total area has the area of 925 and square kilometres .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 and a population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the airport has the area code of 609 and has the area code of 609 . the mayor leads atlantic city , new jersey , and has the area code of 609 .
auburn , alabama , is located in the united states , is part of lee county , alabama , and includes many asian americans .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of king county , washington .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of the state .
the largest city in texas is houston , but the largest city is houston , hays county , texas is part of the county seat and is part of hays county texas . the largest city in the country is san marcos . the state is the location of the largest city in hays county , texas where the county seat is san marcos .
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol and the california state assembly is the leader . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly and the leader is called the california state assembly .
the county seat of alpharetta , georgia , united states is the home of alpharetta , georgia , which is the location of alpharetta , georgia . the united states is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
the city of anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . the capital is ranapeis and the city is the location of anderson , indiana .
the largest city in texas is houston , and english speaking , texas , in the united states , and is where arlington is part .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of benton county and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . where atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , is home to atlantic city , new jersey .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , where the leader is known as the president . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the leader of the united states is john sanchez , it is where asian americans are an ethnic group and the country is where the leader is called the new mexico senate . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon , and is part of benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the mayor of albuquerque . the leader of the united states is called the mayor of albuquerque . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany is part of the country . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
the english language is spoken in indiana , united states , where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of the united states .
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language spoken in the country is english and one of the languages is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president , and includes many asian americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states . the largest city in the country is atlanta and the largest city is atlanta . alpharetta , is part of the u . s . state , georgia . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the country is washington dc and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is the language spoken in texas , which is part of potter county in texas , in the united states . the capital city is austin and the state is the location of amarillo , texas . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
the capital of texas in the usa is austin . the language spoken in texas is english and one of the languages is english . amarillo is the language spoken in that state . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the english language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly and is the location of the english language . the country is led by the california state assembly and is the location of antioch , california . the country is led by the california state assembly and is part of the country . the country is led by the california state assembly and is led by the california state assembly .
the population density of atlanta are 344 . 9 square kilometres and a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres . the area codes for atlanta are 344 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is part of dekalb county , georgia . the total population density is 404 .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the population density of the airport is 4 . 14 square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . alabama is located within the country and is the location of auburn , alabama .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the largest city in austin is round rock and the capital is round rock . it is the location of williamson county , part of williamson county , in texas , where the largest city is round rock and the language spoken is english . the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown , texas .
houston is the largest city in austin , a part of hays county in texas where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of andrews county airport , part of hays county , texas .
houston is the largest city in hays county , in texas where houston is the largest city and the spanish language is spoken . the city is the location of hays county , in texas , which is part of the hays county .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . the country ' s capital is kansa and the language is english . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana .
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth and the spanish language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston , and arlington is part of texas .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is in the united states , is austin . the largest city in tarrant county , is austin . the arlington is part of tarrant county and it is part of tarrant county . the arlington is part of texas .
the capital city of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york . white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is home to the atlantic city , new jersey .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital city is washington dc . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
the english language is spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language is english . the country is the location of angola , a part of steuben county , indiana , where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the county seat is opelika . the auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , in the united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is trenton . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey .
the leader of the united states is known as the president , the language spoken is english and the leader is president barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english . the country is inhabited by americans and the population is known as americans . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the home to the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states .
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . albany is part of the united states where the people are known as americans . albany , georgia is located within the country which is lead by a president . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of african americans .
