pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from catalonia .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
baked alaska is from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served either warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs .
batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the country of indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is from the region of jalisco .
the bird of bird is bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the ethnic group of java is the banyumasan people .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one language spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish that is popular in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy .
the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader , commonly serves arem - arem .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili pepper .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is a dish that is popular in indonesia .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion .
a bacon sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the main ingredient is bacon .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which has a variation known as the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which is led by manuel valls .
baked alaska , made with meringue , comes from the united states .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery is in the family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine and one of the ingredients is chicharron .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a dish from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indians .
bhajji comes from the country india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit is a traditional dish .
the philippine dish of binignit contains banana and sweet potato .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a variation of dessert such as bionico , which like cake .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader .
shiitake is a key ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where arifin zakaria is the leader and the capital city is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet comes from the region of indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . the latter dish is made with lettuce .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington , d . c .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich , which is considered a variation of a blt , which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from both france and the new york region .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which leaders are manuel valls and manuel valls , and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and is from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa , which comes from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region , colombia , and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes are found in france where manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from the singapore region and is found in indonesia .
beef kway teow , a dish from singapore , is made in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji come from india where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a dessert .
sago is a key ingredient of a dish called binignit which like cookies . it is a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and bananas . sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of plants .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the peso .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and where batchoy is eaten .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders . the capital is rome .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region , which is led by the parliament of catalonia , in spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the batak and the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in the country .
asam pedas is a food from malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c . john roberts is a leader in the country .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
a cookie is a dessert and so is a baked alaska , which comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is from either paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
baked alaska is from france , the united states or china and hails from hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bakso is food found in indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , and is typical colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake among its ingredients .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a soup eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji . it comes from the karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato , the latter belonging to flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the region jalisco , in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , it includes tapioca and is led by jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the country ' s ethnic group is baduy .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish and philippine spanish are spoken . it is also where zamboangans and ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . one of the languages used in the country is arabic .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert .
the dish arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the rupiah . the language is indonesian .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malay . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia , the country where malaysian indians and malay are ethnic groups . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and found in malaysia . the malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in the country . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the kansas city metropolitan area , in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . a political leader there is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of blt .
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska is also served in hong kong .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rosids order .
barny cakes , made with sponge cakes , is from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , it is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay , and includes peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation on the dish siomay , which contains shiitake mushrooms . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
the indian people are from india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region in india .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , home to the indian people ; led by t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . honey can be added to it .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of silvano aureoles conejo led , mexico . honey can be added to it .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group there .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians is the name given to people from italy .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . the capital of the country is rome and two of the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is made nationwide in java ( home of the javanese ) , and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javenese people are an ethnic group of java and the leader of singapore is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country where spanish is spoken .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region where susana diaz is the leader .
