the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property . (id1)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west , cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . (id2)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is made of red granite and white marble is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan . the capital is baku and its leader is artur rasizade . (id3)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id4)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states . (id5)
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired . (id6)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california . (id7)
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . (id8)
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . (id9)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot . (id10)
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot . (id11)
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he then went on to join nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . (id12)
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california . (id13)
william anders was born in british hong kong and is from the united states . he graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id14)
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member . he was born in british hong kong . (id15)
william anders , now retired , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . he received a m . s . from his alma mater , afit . (id16)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff . (id17)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students . (id18)
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in the city of bangalore , india . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id19)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the religion is the church of denmark . (id20)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id21)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id22)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! . (id23)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id24)
