the 1 decembrie 1918 university is situated in the state of alba . (id1)
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id2)
mahe , india is to the northwest of kerala . (id3)
the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio is meride . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in the state of alba . (id8)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id9)
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy and the university is located in the city of bangalore . (id10)
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . (id11)
awh engineering college is located in kerala where the leader is kochi . (id12)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and has 250 academic staff . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s national anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is located in the city of aarhus . (id19)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affilaited with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing tennis body is the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . aarhus has a magistrate government . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest , its anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id27)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen is its leader . (id32)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india . (id33)
awh engineering college is in kerala , india . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has a magistrate government . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has mols to its northeast and mols is to the northeast of aarhus . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in the city of bangalore , india . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the religion is the church of denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! . (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is titled the federal chancellor . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to the west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing body of the institute is the international tennis federation . (id47)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association . it has 737 academic staff and is led by lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated to the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark has a magistrate government . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . the latin name for the university is " universitas aarhusiensis " . (id51)
