the character april o ' neal was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman is broadcasted by the bbc . (id2)
ben urich ' s full name is actually benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bo bibbowski is otherwise known as bibbo . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
the black pirate is also known as jon valor . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
the nationality of karl kesel is american . (id9)
marv wolfman won the kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is from the united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states . (id13)
jill shilling stared in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc . (id14)
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv . (id15)
tim brooke taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which starred alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit . (id18)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steve t . seagle . (id19)
the character of ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway . (id21)
bo bibbowski , otherwise known as bibbo , was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny , who is french . (id23)
the bbc broadcast bananaman , which last aired on 15th april 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor . (id24)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id25)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id26)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . (id27)
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox . (id28)
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin . (id29)
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id30)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which broadcast bananaman and has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and also produce bbc radio . (id31)
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . (id32)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . he was created by american , duncan rouleau . (id33)
gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky . (id34)
baymax is a character created by steve t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . he is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . (id35)
