pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce . (id1)
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from catalonia . (id4)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in the blt . (id7)
baked alaska is from the region of hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served either warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs . (id13)
batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow comes from the country of indonesia . (id17)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is from the region of jalisco . (id21)
the bird of bird is bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india . (id24)
the language of indonesia is indonesian . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
the ethnic group of java is the banyumasan people . (id27)
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id29)
spanish is one language spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is a dish that is popular in china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay . (id32)
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is a leader in the uk . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy . (id35)
the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader , commonly serves arem - arem . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . (id38)
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili pepper . (id39)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . (id40)
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is a dish that is popular in indonesia . (id41)
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia . (id42)
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id43)
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion . (id44)
a bacon sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the main ingredient is bacon . (id45)
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which has a variation known as the blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska is from the country of france , which is led by manuel valls . (id48)
baked alaska , made with meringue , comes from the united states . (id49)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is a dish from indonesia . (id51)
celery is in the family of apiaceae . (id52)
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine and one of the ingredients is chicharron . (id53)
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a dish from indonesia . (id55)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader . (id58)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indians . (id60)
bhajji comes from the country india where t . s . thakur is the leader . (id61)
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit is a traditional dish . (id62)
the philippine dish of binignit contains banana and sweet potato . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id65)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region . (id66)
cake is a variation of dessert such as bionico , which like cake . (id67)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . (id68)
shiitake is a key ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy . (id70)
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family . (id72)
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome , italy . (id73)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from rome , italy . (id74)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where arifin zakaria is the leader and the capital city is kuala lumpur . (id76)
ayam penyet comes from the region of indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . (id77)
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . the latter dish is made with lettuce . (id78)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington , d . c . (id80)
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich , which is considered a variation of a blt , which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from both france and the new york region . (id82)
baked alaska is from the country of france , which leaders are manuel valls and manuel valls , and the currency is the euro . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from the region of new york in the united states . (id84)
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and is from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
beef is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia . (id88)
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa , which comes from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine . (id89)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region , colombia , and one of its ingredients is hogao . (id90)
barny cakes are found in france where manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders . (id91)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id92)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from the singapore region and is found in indonesia . (id95)
beef kway teow , a dish from singapore , is made in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce . (id96)
bhajji come from india where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a dessert . (id98)
sago is a key ingredient of a dish called binignit which like cookies . it is a dessert . (id99)
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and bananas . sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of plants . (id101)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico . (id102)
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the peso . (id104)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and where batchoy is eaten . (id106)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id107)
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id108)
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders . the capital is rome . (id110)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id111)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is from the catalonia region , which is led by the parliament of catalonia , in spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group . (id113)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the batak and the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in the country . (id114)
asam pedas is a food from malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c . john roberts is a leader in the country . (id117)
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . (id118)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich . (id119)
a cookie is a dessert and so is a baked alaska , which comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id120)
baked alaska is from either paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . (id121)
baked alaska is from france , the united states or china and hails from hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id122)
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id123)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves . (id124)
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . (id125)
bakso is food found in indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . (id126)
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , and is typical colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " . (id127)
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " . (id128)
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id129)
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake among its ingredients . (id130)
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id131)
batchoy is a soup eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob . (id134)
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id135)
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables . (id136)
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji . it comes from the karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato , the latter belonging to flowering plants and the order solanales . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients . (id139)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the region jalisco , in mexico . (id140)
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert . (id142)
bakso is a food found in indonesia , it includes tapioca and is led by jusuf kalla . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the country ' s ethnic group is baduy . (id144)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish and philippine spanish are spoken . it is also where zamboangans and ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . one of the languages used in the country is arabic . (id146)
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert . (id147)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert . (id148)
the dish arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the rupiah . the language is indonesian . (id149)
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malay . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . (id150)
the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia , the country where malaysian indians and malay are ethnic groups . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id151)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and found in malaysia . the malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in the country . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups . (id153)
the country bacon explosion comes from is the kansas city metropolitan area , in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id154)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . a political leader there is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id155)
the bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of blt . (id156)
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska is also served in hong kong . (id157)
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rosids order . (id158)
barny cakes , made with sponge cakes , is from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id159)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , it is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay , and includes peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . (id160)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation on the dish siomay , which contains shiitake mushrooms . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . (id161)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . (id162)
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id163)
the indian people are from india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region in india . (id164)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , home to the indian people ; led by t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . (id165)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id166)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . honey can be added to it . (id167)
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of silvano aureoles conejo led , mexico . honey can be added to it . (id168)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group there . (id169)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . (id170)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians is the name given to people from italy . (id171)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . the capital of the country is rome and two of the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy . (id172)
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is made nationwide in java ( home of the javanese ) , and can also be found in malaysia and singapore . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javenese people are an ethnic group of java and the leader of singapore is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore . (id174)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include zamboangans and chinese filipino . (id175)
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country where spanish is spoken . (id176)
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region where susana diaz is the leader . (id177)
