11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was begun to the building of the began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
the asilomar conference grounds is located on the architecture style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh was the lord mayor of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in the location of live nation entertainment .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group within south africa .
elizabeth ii is the head of state in the united kingdom .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler of the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the company populous , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is the marriott international hotel .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located at haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style ' tudor revival ' .
adisham hall has the tudor revival architectural style , and is located in sri lanka .
akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of akita musuem of art is 142 nakadori , it has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , which is located in gujarat .
the ampara hospital is situated in the eastern province state of sri lanka were austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , which is part of dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark is the marriott international hotel , which has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and is in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
alan b . miller hall ' s building start date was in 30th march 2007 and is located in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the asser levy public baths built in 1904 is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
birmingham , led by the conservative party , was the home town of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which is lead by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel was the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
103 colmore row was built between 1973 and completed in 1976 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and ethnic groups are the asian south africans and the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , which is run by the cleveland city council .
110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle , illinois has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm . it is tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . limerick city and county council govern county limerick .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , in akita , japan , a country with the ethnic group the brazilians .
the college of william and mary own the alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders of india .
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan where cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders . brooklyn is part of new york city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is led by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan the country where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the main language and one of its leaders is joe biden .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total style of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was begun in january 2014 and has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , a tenant of the marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages is greenlandic . the ac hotel bella sky is located in copenhagen and tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny and designed by augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster .
addis ababa city hall , started in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori is located in akita , akita , japan . it has 3 floors .
the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan which is lead by taro aso . the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states which was designed by the architect robert a m stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka is austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the governing body of the eastern province is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , in the united states . the leader of manhattan , part of new netherland , is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is the city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy .
the leader of the united states is titled president barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
