the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the salvadoran primera division league .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 2015 season in the football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the country of akron , ohio , is united states .
akron is located within summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ' ' ' akron metro futbol club summit assault . " .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer is attached to the club fc barcelona .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is found in the uctria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran has been associated with f . c . bari 1908 .
sportpark de toekomst is operated by jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town football club .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , the team has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno , and they play in the serie b league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who played for juventus fc .
the full name of acf fiorentia is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c ' s ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk , it is in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault play in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the country of gubbio , the team .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages as roma .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the fullname of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they have 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza fc .
the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . it has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is " association football club blackpool " and their ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to chesterfield football club and plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde . he plays at the stockport county f . c .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio . they have 19238 members and the full name of " livorno calcio s . p . a " .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of that league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and was attached to the real madrid cf club .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece , olympiacos fc are previous champions of the team .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c and is in the real zaragoza club .
amsterdam - centrum and eberhard van der laan are part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and is a player in istanbulspor a . s . he also manages the az alkmaair and plays for jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . and empoli f . c . as well as managing as roma .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago was once a player for us castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the fsv zwickau club .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy and plays for both fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
born michele marcolini is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . they play in the league , epsth 2nd group and the chairman is antonis milionis .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) and the ground of afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc and currently plays for stockport county f . c .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at warton , fylde , lancashire . the club competed in the 2014 season .
afc fylde has the full name " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and are based at bryning lane . the club competed in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c . he is also manager of acf fiorentina .
aek athens fc , whose home ground is in greece , has 69618 members and compete in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the tenant is jong ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . the nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . he is also the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas , brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which is based in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which has rome as its capital and sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders .
peter stoger is a player in fc admira wacker modling and fc admira wacker modling . he is also the manager of fc kolin and plays for fc admira wacker modling and fc admira wacker modling .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane which is located in italy . he played for vicenza calcio and now plays for f . c . bari 1908 . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he is attached to chesterfield football club and plays for stockport county fc . the council is lead by the uk labour party .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . the football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . the language spoken in this country is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have their home ground at the olympic stadium ( athens ) located in marousi . the club ' s manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . gus poyet is associated with the real zaragoza football club .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and where the capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , and the capital city is rome .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and italian is the official language .
