abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 long .
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the operating organisation of antwerp international airport is the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport ' s icao location identifier is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language of belgium is dutch .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the language spoken in iraq is arabic .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was fighting in the united states bombing of libya .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister .
the native name for the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was begun to the building of the began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
the asilomar conference grounds is located on the architecture style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh was the lord mayor of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in the location of live nation entertainment .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group within south africa .
elizabeth ii is the head of state in the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print form .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is produced in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica issn number is " 0567 - 7920 " .
the journal addiction has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics discipline is math .
the novel castle is the language spoken in the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is the notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the novel the secret scriptures , is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the salvadoran primera division league .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 2015 season in the football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
the country of akron , ohio , is united states .
akron is located within summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ' ' ' akron metro futbol club summit assault . " .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer is attached to the club fc barcelona .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is found in the uctria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran has been associated with f . c . bari 1908 .
sportpark de toekomst is operated by jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is situated in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahe , india is to the northwest of kerala .
the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 8 mission .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
california ' s gemstone is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
the character april o ' neal was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcasted by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is actually benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is otherwise known as bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county in texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is the kasim rey . .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia , is dunwood .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the u . s .
the largest city in michigan is duttit .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portle . oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from catalonia .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
baked alaska is from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served either warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs .
batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from the country of indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is from the region of jalisco .
the bird of bird is bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the language of indonesia is indonesian .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the ethnic group of java is the banyumasan people .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one language spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish that is popular in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield which has frederick , maryland as its nearest city .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known in name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is where the akron , ohio is located .
albany is part of oregon which is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california which is part of california .
anaheim is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , u . s .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 square km . it is 13 . 0 above sea level .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres and is located at 24 . 0 above sea level .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is located in georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres and has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington dc .
the united states is home to african americans and is the origin place of albuquerque , new mexico .
albany , georgia is in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is the capition .
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy .
the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader , commonly serves arem - arem .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili pepper .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is a dish that is popular in indonesia .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion .
a bacon sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the main ingredient is bacon .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which has a variation known as the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which is led by manuel valls .
baked alaska , made with meringue , comes from the united states .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery is in the family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine and one of the ingredients is chicharron .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a dish from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indians .
bhajji comes from the country india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit is a traditional dish .
the philippine dish of binignit contains banana and sweet potato .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a variation of dessert such as bionico , which like cake .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader .
shiitake is a key ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthave a / s and the length of the runway is 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level . the airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 meters .
the al asad airbase is in iraq , where the language spoken is arabic .
the united states air force was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operates the al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the monocotyledon class .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the first runway is 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 and it serves amsterdam .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800 long .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a runway length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , its runway length is 3048 . 0 .
infraero , located in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town football club .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , the team has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno , and they play in the serie b league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who played for juventus fc .
the full name of acf fiorentia is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c ' s ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk , it is in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault play in the 2011 pdl season and has 3000 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the country of gubbio , the team .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages as roma .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia demarce , is available as an e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) has the issn number of " 2158 " .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j v jones and is in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print and paperback with the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press who have the parent company penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was penned by qiu xiaolong , is in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is in the english language , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
springer science and business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
am . j . math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which publishes the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy and the university is located in the city of bangalore .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala where the leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states .
jill shilling stared in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steve t . seagle .
the character of ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski , otherwise known as bibbo , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on mar 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard is deceased and was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders is now retired . he graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler of the united states .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the company populous , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is the marriott international hotel .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located at haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style ' tudor revival ' .
adisham hall has the tudor revival architectural style , and is located in sri lanka .
akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of akita musuem of art is 142 nakadori , it has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , which is located in gujarat .
the ampara hospital is situated in the eastern province state of sri lanka were austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a united states national where joe biden is the leader .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and was a student at the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin where francis g slay is the mayor . he died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis which was once part of the kingdom of france and died on february 28th , 1966 .
the purple finch is the bird of new hampshire , the birthplace of alan shepard , who spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by 1634 the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city . it is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the academic discipline of aids journal with ibn of 0269 - 9370 is hiv / aids . it comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones has the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 49805501 and isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press who are based in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviating to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which is written in english and is from the country of australia .
the book aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil by garth nix is 248 pages long and is available in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , is about addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the book aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
english is spoken in both great britain and the united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and is the author of a glastonbury romance . he died in blaenau ffestiniog and died in blaenau ffestinlog .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune publishes the administrative science quarterly which has the issn number of 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was written in english and published in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the fullname of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they have 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza fc .
the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . it has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is " association football club blackpool " and their ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to chesterfield football club and plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde . he plays at the stockport county f . c .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio . they have 19238 members and the full name of " livorno calcio s . p . a " .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of that league .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and was attached to the real madrid cf club .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece , olympiacos fc are previous champions of the team .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c and is in the real zaragoza club .
amsterdam - centrum and eberhard van der laan are part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and is a player in istanbulspor a . s . he also manages the az alkmaair and plays for jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . and empoli f . c . as well as managing as roma .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago was once a player for us castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he also plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , which is part of dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark is the marriott international hotel , which has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and is in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
alan b . miller hall ' s building start date was in 30th march 2007 and is located in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the asser levy public baths built in 1904 is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
birmingham , led by the conservative party , was the home town of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which is lead by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel was the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , in new mexico , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the population density is 1140 . 3 square kilometres .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alpharetta , is part of fulton county , in the country , where alpharetta , is part of fulton county , in georgia .
alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia in the united states . there are many asian americans in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states .
anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
the california state senate is located at the california state capitol and is the location of the california state senate . the california state senate is located at the california state senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of poldale township , which is a part of poldale township , in indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the leader of antioch , california is united states house of representatives .
the county seat of arlington , tarrant county , is in tarrant county , texas , in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of atlanta .
the population density of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has the area code of 404 , and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the largest city is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is olympia .
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia which is the location of albany , georgia . the state ' s capital is atlanta and its capital is atlanta . the state ' s capital is atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states , where anderson is the largest city . the alexandria is part of madison county , indiana .
the capital of new jersey is in the united states . the atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey .
arlington is part of texas where houston is the largest city and english is the language spoken . it is part of texas and is part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the language is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where akron , ohio is located . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio , .
the united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the location of albany , oregon . it is part of benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , is within the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and the origin place of albany , georgia . the language of the united states is english .
the english language is used in the united states , where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the country is the origin of angola , indiana .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and the runway name is 10r / 28l and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is in iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , and previously fought in the 1986 bombing of libya and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah international airport and is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 2900 long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level with a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 . 0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in texas and the state ' s capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in german speaking belgium .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is headquartered at the four world trade centre .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid in which the leading party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , in spain where the leading party is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the leading political organization .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the native name is turk sehitleri aniti and the capital is baku .
the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where arifin zakaria is the leader and the capital city is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet comes from the region of indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . the latter dish is made with lettuce .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington , d . c .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich , which is considered a variation of a blt , which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from both france and the new york region .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which leaders are manuel valls and manuel valls , and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and is from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa , which comes from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region , colombia , and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes are found in france where manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from the singapore region and is found in indonesia .
beef kway teow , a dish from singapore , is made in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji come from india where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a dessert .
sago is a key ingredient of a dish called binignit which like cookies . it is a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and bananas . sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of plants .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the peso .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is one of the languages spoken and where batchoy is eaten .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s national anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is located in the city of aarhus .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny , who is french .
the bbc broadcast bananaman , which last aired on 15th april 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
103 colmore row was built between 1973 and completed in 1976 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and ethnic groups are the asian south africans and the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , which is run by the cleveland city council .
110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle , illinois has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm . it is tenanted by the marriott international hotel .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . limerick city and county council govern county limerick .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , in akita , japan , a country with the ethnic group the brazilians .
the college of william and mary own the alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders of india .
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan where cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders . brooklyn is part of new york city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is led by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan the country where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the main language and one of its leaders is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the year 2000 and is situated in the state of pennsylvania , in the united states , and falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , lead by prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan . the capital is baku and its native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located within the monocacy national battlefield .
the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument in izmir was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it is located in turkey , where the title of the leader is president of turkey .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . they is the location of albany , georgia .
the area codes in albuquerque , new mexico are 505 and 575 , and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometers .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia which is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where amarillo is part of the country . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of amarillo , texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , and has the capital city of austin . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
the california state assembly is located in the state of california , where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is called the california state assembly . the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and the location of the california state assembly .
anderson , indiana is part of the county , fall creek , indiana . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level .
angola , indiana , is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . the total area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a total area of 102372 and a total area of 102372 . the total area has the area of 925 and square kilometres .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 and a population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the airport has the area code of 609 and has the area code of 609 . the mayor leads atlantic city , new jersey , and has the area code of 609 .
auburn , alabama , is located in the united states , is part of lee county , alabama , and includes many asian americans .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of king county , washington .
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of the state .
the largest city in texas is houston , but the largest city is houston , hays county , texas is part of the county seat and is part of hays county texas . the largest city in the country is san marcos . the state is the location of the largest city in hays county , texas where the county seat is san marcos .
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol and the california state assembly is the leader . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly and the leader is called the california state assembly .
the county seat of alpharetta , georgia , united states is the home of alpharetta , georgia , which is the location of alpharetta , georgia . the united states is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
the city of anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . the capital is ranapeis and the city is the location of anderson , indiana .
the largest city in texas is houston , and english speaking , texas , in the united states , and is where arlington is part .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of benton county and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . where atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , is home to atlantic city , new jersey .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , where the leader is known as the president . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the leader of the united states is john sanchez , it is where asian americans are an ethnic group and the country is where the leader is called the new mexico senate . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon , and is part of benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the mayor of albuquerque . the leader of the united states is called the mayor of albuquerque . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany is part of the country . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
the english language is spoken in indiana , united states , where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of the united states .
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language spoken in the country is english and one of the languages is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the fsv zwickau club .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy and plays for both fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio .
born michele marcolini is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . they play in the league , epsth 2nd group and the chairman is antonis milionis .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) and the ground of afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc and currently plays for stockport county f . c .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at warton , fylde , lancashire . the club competed in the 2014 season .
afc fylde has the full name " association football club fylde " , they have 3180 members and are based at bryning lane . the club competed in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv f . c . he is also manager of acf fiorentina .
aek athens fc , whose home ground is in greece , has 69618 members and compete in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the tenant is jong ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . the nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . he is also the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas , brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which is based in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which has rome as its capital and sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders .
peter stoger is a player in fc admira wacker modling and fc admira wacker modling . he is also the manager of fc kolin and plays for fc admira wacker modling and fc admira wacker modling .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway , which is 3500 in length , is named 18l / 36r .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in turmenistan and ashgabat . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves atlantic city whose leader is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , in the country is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq , a country led by fuad masum and the spoken language .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq and the kurdish languages are spoken .
the city of lahore in pakistan is served by allama iqbal international airport . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan which is lead by malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which broadcast bananaman and has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and also produce bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . he was created by american , duncan rouleau .
gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
eric flint was born in burbank california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii .
the e - book , 1634 : the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has 512 pages . the book was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . it is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the head of state .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , which is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , as spoken in great britain . it is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian american .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback with 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the lccn number for acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . it is also known as acta math . hungar and covers the academic discipline of mathematics . the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 0567 - 7920 .
the polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica which has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
cornell university , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
the paperback aenir has a total of 233 pages and was written by garth nix . it has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states is johns hopkins university . it is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics which was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , written in english which is also spoken in great britain . the previous president of the us was previously barack obama .
a wizard of mars was written in english and published in the united states . the previous president of the country was barack obama and there are many asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and they speak english , same as in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong represented by chris patten . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 alongside frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise know as buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affilaited with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing tennis body is the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . aarhus has a magistrate government . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest , its anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders . the capital is rome .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region , which is led by the parliament of catalonia , in spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the batak and the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in the country .
asam pedas is a food from malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c . john roberts is a leader in the country .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
a cookie is a dessert and so is a baked alaska , which comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is from either paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
baked alaska is from france , the united states or china and hails from hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bakso is food found in indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , and is typical colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake among its ingredients .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a soup eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji . it comes from the karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato , the latter belonging to flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the region jalisco , in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , it includes tapioca and is led by jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the country ' s ethnic group is baduy .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish and philippine spanish are spoken . it is also where zamboangans and ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . one of the languages used in the country is arabic .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university , ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african american is an ethnic group and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken both in the us and great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the u . s . the language spoken there is english , which is also spoken in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
these novels were written in the following order - castle , aenir , above the veil , into battle and the violet keystone . above the veil is the sequel to aenir .
a severed wasp is written in english ( language of great britain ) in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states , where barack obama is the president , and its capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the president , and its capital city is washington d . c . americans inhabit the u . s . , with a sub - group being the african americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans , and its leader is known as the president .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president , and includes many asian americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states . the largest city in the country is atlanta and the largest city is atlanta . alpharetta , is part of the u . s . state , georgia . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the country is washington dc and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is the language spoken in texas , which is part of potter county in texas , in the united states . the capital city is austin and the state is the location of amarillo , texas . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
the capital of texas in the usa is austin . the language spoken in texas is english and one of the languages is english . amarillo is the language spoken in that state . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the english language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly and is the location of the english language . the country is led by the california state assembly and is the location of antioch , california . the country is led by the california state assembly and is part of the country . the country is led by the california state assembly and is led by the california state assembly .
the population density of atlanta are 344 . 9 square kilometres and a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres . the area codes for atlanta are 344 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is part of dekalb county , georgia . the total population density is 404 .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the population density of the airport is 4 . 14 square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . alabama is located within the country and is the location of auburn , alabama .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the largest city in austin is round rock and the capital is round rock . it is the location of williamson county , part of williamson county , in texas , where the largest city is round rock and the language spoken is english . the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown , texas .
houston is the largest city in austin , a part of hays county in texas where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of andrews county airport , part of hays county , texas .
houston is the largest city in hays county , in texas where houston is the largest city and the spanish language is spoken . the city is the location of hays county , in texas , which is part of the hays county .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . the country ' s capital is kansa and the language is english . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana .
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth and the spanish language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston , and arlington is part of texas .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is in the united states , is austin . the largest city in tarrant county , is austin . the arlington is part of tarrant county and it is part of tarrant county . the arlington is part of texas .
the capital city of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york . white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is home to the atlantic city , new jersey .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital city is washington dc . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
the english language is spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language is english . the country is the location of angola , a part of steuben county , indiana , where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the county seat is opelika . the auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , in the united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is trenton . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey .
the leader of the united states is known as the president , the language spoken is english and the leader is president barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english . the country is inhabited by americans and the population is known as americans . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the home to the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states .
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . albany is part of the united states where the people are known as americans . albany , georgia is located within the country which is lead by a president . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of african americans .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade and legislated in the national assembly .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , and the leader - the president of turkey - is called ahmet davutoglu .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen is its leader .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
awh engineering college is in kerala , india . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has a magistrate government . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has mols to its northeast and mols is to the northeast of aarhus .
baymax is a character created by steve t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . he is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane which is located in italy . he played for vicenza calcio and now plays for f . c . bari 1908 . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he is attached to chesterfield football club and plays for stockport county fc . the council is lead by the uk labour party .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . the football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . the language spoken in this country is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have their home ground at the olympic stadium ( athens ) located in marousi . the club ' s manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . gus poyet is associated with the real zaragoza football club .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and where the capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , and the capital city is rome .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and italian is the official language .
the dish arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the rupiah . the language is indonesian .
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malay . asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia , the country where malaysian indians and malay are ethnic groups . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and found in malaysia . the malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in the country . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the kansas city metropolitan area , in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . a political leader there is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of blt .
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska is also served in hong kong .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rosids order .
barny cakes , made with sponge cakes , is from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , it is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay , and includes peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation on the dish siomay , which contains shiitake mushrooms . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
the indian people are from india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region in india .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , home to the indian people ; led by t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . honey can be added to it .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of silvano aureoles conejo led , mexico . honey can be added to it .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group there .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians is the name given to people from italy .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . the capital of the country is rome and two of the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is made nationwide in java ( home of the javanese ) , and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javenese people are an ethnic group of java and the leader of singapore is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country where spanish is spoken .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region where susana diaz is the leader .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong , served as a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with commander frank borman .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he then went on to become a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on the 20th of january , 1930 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator . dianne feinstein is a senator in california . benitoite is the gemstone .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire and died in california . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft as well as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules as a transport aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and is named 08 / 26 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the runway , which is 3310 . 0 in length , is named 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
luanda is served by angola international airport located in icolo e bengo . the airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway name of 05l / 23r with a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , in greece where two of the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , in greece where two of the leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves atlantic city whose leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . two of the leaders of which are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid , and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total style of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was begun in january 2014 and has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , a tenant of the marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages is greenlandic . the ac hotel bella sky is located in copenhagen and tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny and designed by augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster .
addis ababa city hall , started in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori is located in akita , akita , japan . it has 3 floors .
the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan which is lead by taro aso . the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states which was designed by the architect robert a m stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka is austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the governing body of the eastern province is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , in the united states . the leader of manhattan , part of new netherland , is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is the city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy .
the leader of the united states is titled president barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west , cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is made of red granite and white marble is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan . the capital is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he then went on to join nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is from the united states . he graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member . he was born in british hong kong .
william anders , now retired , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . he received a m . s . from his alma mater , afit .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in the city of bangalore , india . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the capital city is ankara , but it is in izmir that the bronze ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 is located . the monument was designed in bronze by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the local currency is the turkish lira and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is titled the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to the west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing body of the institute is the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association . it has 737 academic staff and is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated to the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark has a magistrate government .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . the latin name for the university is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he went on to become a test pilot and became a crew member of apollo 12 . he is retired .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he worked as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
edwin e aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , spent 52 minutes in space . he was born on the 20th of january , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science , was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot . he is now retired .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
