abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 long .
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the operating organisation of antwerp international airport is the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport ' s icao location identifier is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language of belgium is dutch .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the language spoken in iraq is arabic .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was fighting in the united states bombing of libya .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthave a / s and the length of the runway is 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level . the airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 meters .
the al asad airbase is in iraq , where the language spoken is arabic .
the united states air force was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operates the al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the monocotyledon class .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the first runway is 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 and it serves amsterdam .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800 long .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a runway length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , its runway length is 3048 . 0 .
infraero , located in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and the runway name is 10r / 28l and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is in iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , and previously fought in the 1986 bombing of libya and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah international airport and is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 2900 long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level with a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 . 0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in texas and the state ' s capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in german speaking belgium .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is headquartered at the four world trade centre .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid in which the leading party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , in spain where the leading party is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the leading political organization .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway , which is 3500 in length , is named 18l / 36r .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in turmenistan and ashgabat . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves atlantic city whose leader is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , in the country is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq , a country led by fuad masum and the spoken language .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq and the kurdish languages are spoken .
the city of lahore in pakistan is served by allama iqbal international airport . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan which is lead by malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class monocotyledon .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft as well as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules as a transport aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and is named 08 / 26 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the runway , which is 3310 . 0 in length , is named 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
luanda is served by angola international airport located in icolo e bengo . the airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway name of 05l / 23r with a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , in greece where two of the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , in greece where two of the leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves atlantic city whose leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . two of the leaders of which are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid , and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
