the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the mayor . (id3)
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id5)
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres . (id6)
amarillo is part of randall county in texas . (id7)
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is the kasim rey . . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id18)
austin is part of texas . (id19)
the spanish language is spoken in california . (id20)
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia , is dunwood . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is in the united states . (id22)
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in the u . s . (id24)
the largest city in michigan is duttit . (id25)
orange county , california is located within the united states . (id26)
the largest city in oregon is portle . oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth . (id28)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol . (id30)
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is where the akron , ohio is located . (id31)
albany is part of oregon which is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon . (id32)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is united states house of representatives . (id33)
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states . (id34)
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california which is part of california . (id35)
anaheim is part of orange county , california in the united states . (id36)
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , u . s . (id37)
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 square km . it is 13 . 0 above sea level . (id38)
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres and is located at 24 . 0 above sea level . (id39)
arlington is part of texas , in the united states . (id40)
atlanta is located in georgia in the united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states . (id44)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres and has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id45)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc . (id47)
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington dc . (id48)
the united states is home to african americans and is the origin place of albuquerque , new mexico . (id49)
albany , georgia is in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id50)
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id51)
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is the capition . (id52)
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id53)
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id54)
albuquerque , in new mexico , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the population density is 1140 . 3 square kilometres . (id55)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alpharetta , is part of fulton county , in the country , where alpharetta , is part of fulton county , in georgia . (id56)
alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia in the united states . there are many asian americans in the united states . (id57)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states . (id58)
anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . (id59)
the california state senate is located at the california state capitol and is the location of the california state senate . the california state senate is located at the california state senate . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of poldale township , which is a part of poldale township , in indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id62)
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the leader of antioch , california is united states house of representatives . (id63)
the county seat of arlington , tarrant county , is in tarrant county , texas , in the united states . (id64)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of atlanta . (id65)
the population density of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has the area code of 404 , and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the largest city is newark . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states where the largest city is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . (id69)
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is washington , d . c . (id70)
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is olympia . (id71)
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia which is the location of albany , georgia . the state ' s capital is atlanta and its capital is atlanta . the state ' s capital is atlanta . (id72)
anderson , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states , where anderson is the largest city . the alexandria is part of madison county , indiana . (id73)
the capital of new jersey is in the united states . the atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey . (id74)
arlington is part of texas where houston is the largest city and english is the language spoken . it is part of texas and is part of texas . (id75)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc . (id76)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc . (id77)
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the language is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states . (id78)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where akron , ohio is located . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio , . (id79)
the united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the location of albany , oregon . it is part of benton county , oregon . (id80)
albuquerque , new mexico , is within the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id81)
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and the origin place of albany , georgia . the language of the united states is english . (id82)
the english language is used in the united states , where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the country is the origin of angola , indiana . (id83)
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . they is the location of albany , georgia . (id84)
the area codes in albuquerque , new mexico are 505 and 575 , and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometers . (id85)
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia which is the location of alpharetta , georgia . (id86)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where amarillo is part of the country . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of amarillo , texas . (id87)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , and has the capital city of austin . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id88)
the california state assembly is located in the state of california , where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is called the california state assembly . the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and the location of the california state assembly . (id89)
anderson , indiana is part of the county , fall creek , indiana . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . (id90)
angola , indiana , is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . the total area is 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id91)
antioch , california has a total area of 102372 and a total area of 102372 . the total area has the area of 925 and square kilometres . (id92)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 and a population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the airport has the area code of 609 and has the area code of 609 . the mayor leads atlantic city , new jersey , and has the area code of 609 . (id93)
auburn , alabama , is located in the united states , is part of lee county , alabama , and includes many asian americans . (id94)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . (id95)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of king county , washington . (id96)
auburn is part of king county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of the state . (id97)
the largest city in texas is houston , but the largest city is houston , hays county , texas is part of the county seat and is part of hays county texas . the largest city in the country is san marcos . the state is the location of the largest city in hays county , texas where the county seat is san marcos . (id98)
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol and the california state assembly is the leader . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly and the leader is called the california state assembly . (id99)
the county seat of alpharetta , georgia , united states is the home of alpharetta , georgia , which is the location of alpharetta , georgia . the united states is the location of alpharetta , georgia . (id100)
the city of anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . the capital is ranapeis and the city is the location of anderson , indiana . (id101)
the largest city in texas is houston , and english speaking , texas , in the united states , and is where arlington is part . (id102)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of benton county and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of albany , oregon . (id103)
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . where atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , is home to atlantic city , new jersey . (id104)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , where the leader is known as the president . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states . (id105)
the leader of the united states is john sanchez , it is where asian americans are an ethnic group and the country is where the leader is called the new mexico senate . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id106)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon , and is part of benton county , oregon . (id107)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the mayor of albuquerque . the leader of the united states is called the mayor of albuquerque . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states . (id108)
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany is part of the country . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of albany , georgia . (id109)
the english language is spoken in indiana , united states , where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of the united states . (id110)
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language spoken in the country is english and one of the languages is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . (id111)
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president , and includes many asian americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . the leader of the united states is known as the president . (id112)
the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states . the largest city in the country is atlanta and the largest city is atlanta . alpharetta , is part of the u . s . state , georgia . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country . (id113)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the country is washington dc and the language spoken is english . (id114)
amarillo is the language spoken in texas , which is part of potter county in texas , in the united states . the capital city is austin and the state is the location of amarillo , texas . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id115)
the capital of texas in the usa is austin . the language spoken in texas is english and one of the languages is english . amarillo is the language spoken in that state . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id117)
the english language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly and is the location of the english language . the country is led by the california state assembly and is the location of antioch , california . the country is led by the california state assembly and is part of the country . the country is led by the california state assembly and is led by the california state assembly . (id118)
the population density of atlanta are 344 . 9 square kilometres and a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres . the area codes for atlanta are 344 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is part of dekalb county , georgia . the total population density is 404 . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the population density of the airport is 4 . 14 square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id120)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . alabama is located within the country and is the location of auburn , alabama . (id121)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id122)
the largest city in austin is round rock and the capital is round rock . it is the location of williamson county , part of williamson county , in texas , where the largest city is round rock and the language spoken is english . the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown , texas . (id123)
houston is the largest city in austin , a part of hays county in texas where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of andrews county airport , part of hays county , texas . (id124)
houston is the largest city in hays county , in texas where houston is the largest city and the spanish language is spoken . the city is the location of hays county , in texas , which is part of the hays county . (id125)
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . the country ' s capital is kansa and the language is english . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana . (id126)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth and the spanish language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston , and arlington is part of texas . (id127)
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is in the united states , is austin . the largest city in tarrant county , is austin . the arlington is part of tarrant county and it is part of tarrant county . the arlington is part of texas . (id128)
the capital city of the united states is washington dc and the largest city is new york . white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is home to the atlantic city , new jersey . (id129)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital city is washington dc . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of albany , oregon . (id130)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon . (id131)
the english language is spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language is english . the country is the location of angola , a part of steuben county , indiana , where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id132)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c . (id133)
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the county seat is opelika . the auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , in the united states . (id134)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is trenton . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey . (id135)
the leader of the united states is known as the president , the language spoken is english and the leader is president barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id136)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english . the country is inhabited by americans and the population is known as americans . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county , in indiana . (id137)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the home to the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states . (id138)
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . albany is part of the united states where the people are known as americans . albany , georgia is located within the country which is lead by a president . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of african americans . (id139)
