the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
albany is the largest city in linn county , oregon .
dekalb county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson is the county of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the country of united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county in california is located within the united states .
the largest city in benton county is oregon .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is fort worth .
the leader of the united states is barack obama .
the united states house of representatives is located in washington d . c .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the oregon is austin which is part of oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , which is led by a prime minister .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
the elevation above the sea level ( in antioch , california ) , is 13 . 0 .
the elevation above the sea level ( in arlington , texas ) , is 184 . 0 .
arlington , texas is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta , is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the capital is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and is a part of united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the city of akita is part of united states and is the home of the ethnic group of native americans in the united states .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in united states where the language is english language .
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the university .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is the country of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 286 . 5 square kilometres , and a total population of 131 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the u . s . is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the us is home to the ethnic group of the african americans .
the u . s . is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the us is home to the ethnic group of the asian americans .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres .
the full name of the egg harbor township ( new jersey ) is " fullname " , which is part of the california .
the city of anderson , indiana , part of indiana , is the home of the city of akron , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , which is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
the governing body of antioch , california , is the city council . the city is the location of the california council , which is the postal code of atlantic city , new jersey .
the tarrant county , texas , is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the city of atlanta , has a utc offset of - 7 , and has a total area of 131 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the location of atlantic city , n . j . is the largest city in new jersey .
the city of atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the country is largestatlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama , in the u . s . , is part of alabama , in the united states .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , washington ( state ) , united states . the capital is washington , d . c .
albany , georgia is part of the state of state , the capital of which is austin . the capital of albany , georgia is austin .
the location of atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the capital of new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas and is the location of the airport .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , is a part of fountain county , indiana , united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city , a part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . , the language is italian and the language is italian .
the city of akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is the country of the food .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . it has a total area of 686 square kilometres and a total area of 686 square kilometres .
the city of alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . the city is the location of the atlantic city international airport .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group of the country are the african americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the african americans .
the university is located in the state of texas , part of the state of texas in united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the spanish language is spoken in california which is part of california . the country is the location of the airport .
the city of anderson , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a utc offset of - 7 .
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . it is the location of atlantic city international airport .
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres . antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 .
the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is the postal code of atlantic city international airport . atlantic city , new jersey has a utc offset of utcoffset and a total area of 686 square kilometres .
the city of auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the asian americans .
the african americans are part of the state of alabama which is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the country .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , the capital city is washington dc , the capital city is washington dc .
the capital of auburn , washington is austin , king county , washington , united states . the capital city is washington dc .
the city of austin , texas is part of the u . s . and is the location of atlantic city international airport .
the olympic stadium is part of the california and is the location of the airport .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . the city is the location of the atlantic city international airport .
the capital of indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the capital city is indianapolis and the city is the location of the food .
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas in the united states . the english language is spoken in texas .
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states , the capital city is washington d . c .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city international airport .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of african americans .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is lead by the president . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans .
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and the capital city is washington d . c .
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans and the leader is known as the president .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of indiana .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
the people of united states are known as americans and the leader is the president . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the americans .
the city of alpharetta , georgia in the u . s . is the largest city in the u . s . where the largest city is largestalpharetta , georgia . the country is the location of the city of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
the state of texas is part of the state of texas , united states . the capital of the state is washington , d . c . and the language spoken is english . the state is also the location of the state of texas .
the state of texas , united states is the home of the state of texas . the state is the location of the university .
the state of texas is part of the state of texas in united states . the state is the location of the university in the state of texas which is part of the state of texas .
the city of anderson , indiana , part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , is the home of the city of atlantic city , n . j . in the u . s .
the city of antioch , california , which is part of the san francisco bay area , is the home of seat of atlantic city , new jersey which is the location of the california council of california . the city is the location of the california civil aviation authority .
the area of atlanta , which has a b . s . , is the city council , which is located in the city of atlanta , which has a utc offset of utcoffset .
the city of attica , indiana , which is located in the city of attica , indiana , is the location of the atlantic city international airport . attica , indiana has a total area of 55 . 0 square kilometres .
the capital of the state of alabama is austin , which is part of the state of alabama in united states . the capital of the state is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington d . c .
the city of auburn , washington , is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of king county , washington , in the united states . the city is the location of atlantic city international airport .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is largestaustin , texas which is part of williamson county , texas . the state is the location of atlantic city international airport .
the english language is spoken in texas , which is part of the state of texas in austin . the language of texas is german .
the city of austin , texas is located in the city of austin , texas , where the largest city is largestaustin , texas . the language spoken in austin , texas is spanish and austin is the largest city .
the city of alexandria , indiana is a part of the u . s . and is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of madison county , indiana .
the city of akron is part of texas . the county is the location of the county of texas , which is part of texas . the state is lead by leader .
marriott international is part of texas , in the united states . the city of akron is part of texas , in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is home to the ethnic group of white americans . the capital is washington d . c . and the country is the location of the university .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food .
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . americans is the capital of the u . s . and is home to the ethnic group of the americans . the country is the location of the food .
the people of united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english language . the country is the location of the ethnic group of americans . the country is the location of the university .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
the u . s . , which is part of alabama , is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the city of auburn , alabama , part of alabama , is the home of the ethnic group of auburn , alabama .
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food .
the leader of united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the leader of the united states , which is lead by the president . the country is the location of the university .
the people of united states are known as americans and the language is spanish . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , which is part of steuben county , indiana , united states .
the capital of the u . s . is washington dc , the capital is washington d . c . and the country ' s leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building in the city of akron , ohio , summit county , ohio .
the leader of the united states is called the president . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states and the leader is called the president . the country is the location of the university .
