pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
the purple finch is a member of the award .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
ingredient is an ingredient in the country of china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of food .
malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the uk .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where spanish is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
arros negre is from the valencian community region , spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas , which is eaten in the indonesia , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region , indonesia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon are the main ingredients of bacon explosion which is a main course .
an ingredient of the bacon sandwich is bread and it also contains bacon .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from france .
baked alaska is a food found in france where the leader is manuel valls .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from united states .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is claude bartolone .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bhajji is from india where the people are called indian people .
bhajji is a food found in india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
binignit is a food found in philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of binignit are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
shiitake is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of shumai .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the dish is from the javanese cuisine region .
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
tomato is one of the ingredients in the dish ' ayam penyet ' which comes from the region of the rome in italy .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia , indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france .
baked alaska is from france where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of united states .
sandesh is a dessert , as is baked alaska which contains raisins .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . it includes ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore , where tony tan is the leader and the country ' s leader is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region of indonesia .
oyster sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish ' ayam penyet ' which comes from the region of the singapore in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
raisin is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is from mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people and the language spoken is arabic .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore where the language is indonesian and tony tan is the leader .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
arros negre is a food found in spain , where the spaniards are an ethnic group and parliament of catalonia is the leader .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malays and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in the country .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is a dish from the paris , new york or hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska comes from the region of the hong kong in france , united states or china . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region region of the colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor , a variation of siomay , contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay and siomay .
batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of region , singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia where the standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region of the indonesia . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetable .
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
binignit is from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the country ' s leader is jusuf kalla .
the baduy are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group in java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . the language of the philippines is philippine spanish .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people . one of the languages used in the country is arabic .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken .
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla and the language spoken is indonesian language . the country is also the location of the dish arem - arem .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and its ethnic group is malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malaysian indian .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bacon and sausage .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . two of the leaders in france are manuel valls and gerard larcher .
lemon is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of the colombia . lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation on the dish siomay or shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of siomay and siomay .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , which is the country where batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient in siomay , which is a variation on the club sandwich .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji which comes from the karnataka region .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji , which is from the karnataka region .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . two of the leaders in italy include laura boldrini and pietro grasso .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are laura boldrini and t . s . thakur and the capital is rome .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken there .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region of the java .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the chinese filipino are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the country is philippine spanish and the chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is a dish from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is susana diaz and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the spaniards .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards .
