the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of united states . (id2)
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id3)
the new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id4)
the new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
the spanish language is spoken in california . (id20)
albany is the largest city in linn county , oregon . (id21)
dekalb county , georgia is located within the united states . (id22)
anderson is the county of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in the country of united states . (id24)
the largest city in michigan is detroit . (id25)
orange county in california is located within the united states . (id26)
the largest city in benton county is oregon . (id27)
the largest city in williamson county , texas is fort worth . (id28)
the leader of the united states is barack obama . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in washington d . c . (id30)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id31)
the capital of the oregon is austin which is part of oregon . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , which is led by a prime minister . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states . (id34)
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states . (id37)
the elevation above the sea level ( in antioch , california ) , is 13 . 0 . (id38)
the elevation above the sea level ( in arlington , texas ) , is 184 . 0 . (id39)
arlington , texas is part of texas in the united states . (id40)
atlanta , is part of georgia in the united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . (id42)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the capital is washington , d . c . . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . (id44)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . (id46)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and is a part of united states . (id47)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where the capital is washington , d . c . . (id48)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id49)
the city of akita is part of united states and is the home of the ethnic group of native americans in the united states . (id50)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id51)
the english language is spoken in united states where the language is english language . (id52)
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the university . (id53)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is the country of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 286 . 5 square kilometres , and a total population of 131 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id55)
the u . s . is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the us is home to the ethnic group of the african americans . (id56)
the u . s . is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the us is home to the ethnic group of the asian americans . (id57)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id58)
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres . (id59)
the full name of the egg harbor township ( new jersey ) is " fullname " , which is part of the california . (id60)
the city of anderson , indiana , part of indiana , is the home of the city of akron , indiana , united states . (id61)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , which is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . (id62)
the governing body of antioch , california , is the city council . the city is the location of the california council , which is the postal code of atlantic city , new jersey . (id63)
the tarrant county , texas , is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states . (id64)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id65)
the city of atlanta , has a utc offset of - 7 , and has a total area of 131 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id66)
the location of atlantic city , n . j . is the largest city in new jersey . (id67)
the city of atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the country is largestatlantic city , new jersey . (id68)
auburn , alabama , in the u . s . , is part of alabama , in the united states . (id69)
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . (id70)
the capital of the u . s . is washington , washington ( state ) , united states . the capital is washington , d . c . (id71)
albany , georgia is part of the state of state , the capital of which is austin . the capital of albany , georgia is austin . (id72)
the location of atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id73)
the capital of new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital city is trenton , new jersey . (id74)
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas and is the location of the airport . (id75)
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , is a part of fountain county , indiana , united states . (id76)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city , a part of fountain county , indiana . (id77)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . , the language is italian and the language is italian . (id78)
the city of akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . (id79)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is the country of the food . (id80)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building . (id81)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language . (id82)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language . (id83)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia . (id84)
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . it has a total area of 686 square kilometres and a total area of 686 square kilometres . (id85)
the city of alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . the city is the location of the atlantic city international airport . (id86)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group of the country are the african americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the african americans . (id87)
the university is located in the state of texas , part of the state of texas in united states . the capital of texas is austin . (id88)
the spanish language is spoken in california which is part of california . the country is the location of the airport . (id89)
the city of anderson , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a utc offset of - 7 . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . it is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id91)
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres . antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . (id92)
the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is the postal code of atlantic city international airport . atlantic city , new jersey has a utc offset of utcoffset and a total area of 686 square kilometres . (id93)
the city of auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the asian americans . (id94)
the african americans are part of the state of alabama which is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the country . (id95)
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , the capital city is washington dc , the capital city is washington dc . (id96)
the capital of auburn , washington is austin , king county , washington , united states . the capital city is washington dc . (id97)
the city of austin , texas is part of the u . s . and is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id98)
the olympic stadium is part of the california and is the location of the airport . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . the city is the location of the atlantic city international airport . (id100)
the capital of indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the capital city is indianapolis and the city is the location of the food . (id101)
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas in the united states . the english language is spoken in texas . (id102)
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states , the capital city is washington d . c . (id103)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city international airport . (id104)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of african americans . (id105)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is lead by the president . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans . (id106)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and the capital city is washington d . c . (id107)
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans and the leader is known as the president . (id108)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia . (id109)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of indiana . (id110)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . (id111)
the people of united states are known as americans and the leader is the president . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the americans . (id112)
the city of alpharetta , georgia in the u . s . is the largest city in the u . s . where the largest city is largestalpharetta , georgia . the country is the location of the city of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of fulton county , georgia . (id113)
the state of texas is part of the state of texas , united states . the capital of the state is washington , d . c . and the language spoken is english . the state is also the location of the state of texas . (id114)
the state of texas , united states is the home of the state of texas . the state is the location of the university . (id115)
the state of texas is part of the state of texas in united states . the state is the location of the university in the state of texas which is part of the state of texas . (id116)
the city of anderson , indiana , part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , is the home of the city of atlantic city , n . j . in the u . s . (id117)
the city of antioch , california , which is part of the san francisco bay area , is the home of seat of atlantic city , new jersey which is the location of the california council of california . the city is the location of the california civil aviation authority . (id118)
the area of atlanta , which has a b . s . , is the city council , which is located in the city of atlanta , which has a utc offset of utcoffset . (id119)
the city of attica , indiana , which is located in the city of attica , indiana , is the location of the atlantic city international airport . attica , indiana has a total area of 55 . 0 square kilometres . (id120)
the capital of the state of alabama is austin , which is part of the state of alabama in united states . the capital of the state is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington d . c . (id121)
the city of auburn , washington , is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of king county , washington , in the united states . the city is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id122)
the largest city in williamson county , texas is largestaustin , texas which is part of williamson county , texas . the state is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id123)
the english language is spoken in texas , which is part of the state of texas in austin . the language of texas is german . (id124)
the city of austin , texas is located in the city of austin , texas , where the largest city is largestaustin , texas . the language spoken in austin , texas is spanish and austin is the largest city . (id125)
the city of alexandria , indiana is a part of the u . s . and is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of madison county , indiana . (id126)
the city of akron is part of texas . the county is the location of the county of texas , which is part of texas . the state is lead by leader . (id127)
marriott international is part of texas , in the united states . the city of akron is part of texas , in the united states . (id128)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is home to the ethnic group of white americans . the capital is washington d . c . and the country is the location of the university . (id129)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food . (id130)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . americans is the capital of the u . s . and is home to the ethnic group of the americans . the country is the location of the food . (id131)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english language . the country is the location of the ethnic group of americans . the country is the location of the university . (id132)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c . (id133)
the u . s . , which is part of alabama , is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the city of auburn , alabama , part of alabama , is the home of the ethnic group of auburn , alabama . (id134)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food . (id135)
the leader of united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the leader of the united states , which is lead by the president . the country is the location of the university . (id136)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language is spanish . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , which is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . (id137)
the capital of the u . s . is washington dc , the capital is washington d . c . and the country ' s leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building in the city of akron , ohio , summit county , ohio . (id138)
the leader of the united states is called the president . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states and the leader is called the president . the country is the location of the university . (id139)
