103 colmore row , with 23 floors , began in 1973 and was completed in 1976 . (id1)
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the coloured . (id2)
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . (id3)
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 . (id4)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel . (id5)
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in illinois and was completed in 2009 . (id6)
3arena is located in dublin , which is part of leinster , and is owned by the college of william and mary . (id7)
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , copenhagen was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors . (id8)
adare manor is located in county limerick , which is part of munster in the munster . (id9)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id10)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id11)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id12)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id13)
alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia and was completed in 1 june 2009 . it is owned by college of william & mary and was completed in 1 june 2009 . (id14)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . (id15)
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 . (id16)
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 . (id17)
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn and brooklyn . (id18)
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader . (id19)
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode is the hometown of the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . (id20)
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode is the hometown of the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . (id21)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of india is ranil wickremesinghe . (id22)
t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . (id23)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id24)
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii and the capital is london . (id25)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president of the united states and the language is english . english is spoken in the united states . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in pennsylvania , united states was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id27)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . (id28)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan which is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 . (id30)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id31)
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . (id32)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia . (id33)
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . it has a total area of 686 square kilometres and a total area of 686 square kilometres . (id34)
the city of alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . the city is the location of the atlantic city international airport . (id35)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group of the country are the african americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the african americans . (id36)
the university is located in the state of texas , part of the state of texas in united states . the capital of texas is austin . (id37)
the spanish language is spoken in california which is part of california . the country is the location of the airport . (id38)
the city of anderson , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level and has a utc offset of - 7 . (id39)
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . it is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id40)
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres . antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . (id41)
the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is the postal code of atlantic city international airport . atlantic city , new jersey has a utc offset of utcoffset and a total area of 686 square kilometres . (id42)
the city of auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the asian americans . (id43)
the african americans are part of the state of alabama which is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the country . (id44)
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , the capital city is washington dc , the capital city is washington dc . (id45)
the capital of auburn , washington is austin , king county , washington , united states . the capital city is washington dc . (id46)
the city of austin , texas is part of the u . s . and is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id47)
the olympic stadium is part of the california and is the location of the airport . (id48)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . the city is the location of the atlantic city international airport . (id49)
the capital of indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the capital city is indianapolis and the city is the location of the food . (id50)
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas in the united states . the english language is spoken in texas . (id51)
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states , the capital city is washington d . c . (id52)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city international airport . (id53)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of african americans . (id54)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is lead by the president . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans . (id55)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and the capital city is washington d . c . (id56)
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans and the leader is known as the president . (id57)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia . (id58)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of indiana . (id59)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . (id60)
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger who plays for fsv zwickau and is part of the fsv zwickau club . he is also the manager of fc magdeburg . (id61)
the manager of fc magdeburg is rolando maran who is in the rb leipzig club and plays for carrarese calcio . he is also the manager of a . c . chievo verona . (id62)
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is a member of the a . c . chievo verona club and manages a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for a . c . chievo verona . (id63)
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , whose ground is in efxeinoupoli , has 1500 members and their ground is in efxeinoupoli . (id64)
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . . (id65)
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . . (id66)
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde . they played in the 2014 season and have 3180 members . (id67)
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they played in the 2014 season . their full name is association football club fylde and they have 3180 members . (id68)
the manager of fc magdeburg is paulo sousa who is in the rb leipzig club and plays for both vitesse arnhem and inter milan . (id69)
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece . they competed in the 2014 season and their ground is in greece . (id70)
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax ( amateurs ) n . v . and operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax ( amateurs ) n . v . (id71)
the nickname of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " alvinegro " . they competed in the 2014 season and have 5000 members . (id72)
the manager of fc magdeburg is john van den brom who is attached to irlam town football club and plays for netherlands national football team . (id73)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home matches at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league of which juventus fc have been champions . (id74)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil . (id75)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil . (id76)
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states . (id77)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id78)
peter stoger is attached to the club fk austria wien and is the manager of fc kolin . he also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and fk austria wien . (id79)
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 . (id80)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . (id81)
the enaire is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 . (id82)
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag . (id83)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 . (id84)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 . (id85)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . (id86)
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . (id87)
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 . (id88)
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 . (id89)
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews , texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . (id90)
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as texans and the capital is austin . (id91)
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english . (id92)
angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , is located in icolo e bengo , part of the community of luanda in angola . (id93)
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . the airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 . (id94)
ashgabat international airport is operated by the turkmenistan airlines which has headquarters in ashgabat . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is hubashgabat international airport . (id95)
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . (id96)
atlantic city international airport , which serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of that country . (id97)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority . the airport is owned by stephen dilts . (id98)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the language spoken is german language . (id99)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken . (id100)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states . (id101)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and the language spoken is kurdish languages . (id102)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and the language spoken is kurdish languages . (id103)
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan . (id104)
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . (id105)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in broadcasting house and the tv series was shown on the bbc . the bbc broadcast bananaman . (id106)
bananaman , starring jill shilling , was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . (id107)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and starred ryan potter . (id108)
the comic book character bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and the american , ernie colon . (id109)
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes . (id110)
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . (id111)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk , where elizabeth ii is the leader and the parent company is wolters kluwer . (id112)
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . (id113)
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has an oclc number of 49805501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . (id114)
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id115)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id116)
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages . the isbn number is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 and the isbn number is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . (id117)
the acta mathematica hungarica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 . (id118)
acta palaeontologica polonica , or acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 . (id119)
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 . (id120)
cornell university in the state of new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . (id121)
cornell university is located in ithaca , new york , new york . it is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . (id122)
aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . (id123)
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id124)
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics . the book is the parent company of johns hopkins university press . (id125)
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id126)
a wizard of mars is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . (id127)
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in spokenin . (id128)
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . barack obama is the leader of the us and english is spoken in great britain . (id129)
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the us . (id130)
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is a us national . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space . (id131)
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 14 was commander . (id132)
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by operator . (id133)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . (id134)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 . (id135)
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa . (id136)
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . (id137)
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california . (id138)
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and died in st . louis . (id139)
william anders joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he is now retired . (id140)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id141)
the acharya institute of technology in belgaum , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id142)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id143)
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id144)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest . (id145)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . aarhus is governed by a magistrate . (id146)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students . (id147)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . (id148)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . (id149)
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id150)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id151)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id152)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id153)
arros negre is a food found in spain , where the spaniards are an ethnic group and parliament of catalonia is the leader . (id154)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malays and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in the country . (id155)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia . (id156)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id157)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id158)
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id159)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id160)
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group . (id161)
baked alaska is a dish from the paris , new york or hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id162)
baked alaska comes from the region of the hong kong in france , united states or china . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id163)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id164)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry . (id165)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . (id166)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id167)
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id168)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region region of the colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id169)
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id170)
batagor , a variation of siomay , contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay and siomay . (id171)
batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id172)
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id173)
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of region , singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id174)
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia where the standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob . (id175)
beef kway teow is from the singapore region of the indonesia . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id176)
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetable . (id177)
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id178)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk . (id179)
binignit is from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id180)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id181)
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id182)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id183)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the country ' s leader is jusuf kalla . (id184)
the baduy are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group in java . (id185)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . the language of the philippines is philippine spanish . (id186)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people . one of the languages used in the country is arabic . (id187)
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken . (id188)
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken . (id189)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the chairman of the sportsteam . (id190)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the operator of the sportsteam . (id191)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and u . s . citta di palermo . (id192)
the polish academy of sciences is in the superleague of greece and is a member of the portugal national football team . (id193)
the was a crew member of was founded by john hopkins council , who was born in prince edward island . (id194)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id195)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id196)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is atlanta , georgia . (id197)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is atlanta , georgia . (id198)
the full name of the comic character , ballistic is " fullname " , which is of the al kharaitiyat sc . he is the full name of the comic character , ballistic . (id199)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the location of the grounds of the association of public and land grant universities . (id200)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the location of the grounds of the association of public and land grant universities . (id201)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand . (id202)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operator of the second title of the second runway of alderney . (id203)
the 2nd baron , john reith was the founder of the second party , and is the operator of the second title of the second party . (id204)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation for ardmore airport , new zealand . (id205)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id206)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is canada . (id207)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of the port authority of headquarter . (id208)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk where the inuktitut is spoken . the city is the location of the building . (id209)
elizabeth ii is a leader in the u . s . which is lead by the president . the city is the home town of the home town of canada and the building . (id210)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk where the slavey language is spoken . the city is the location of building , which was run by the conservative party . (id211)
the grozny is the home ground of the grozny which is the location of the home ground of as locationcity . this airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which has its headquarters in grozny . (id212)
john van den brom plays for fc torpedo moscow and is the manager of 1 . fc koln . (id213)
houston is affiliated with the affiliation and is the location of the atlantic city international airport . houston is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . (id214)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the operator of the sportsteam . (id215)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id216)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id217)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id218)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id219)
the port authority of regionserved and regionserved is hubairport . (id220)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id221)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the port authority of headquarter . (id222)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the location of the port authority of headquarter and mary . (id223)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id224)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey , is birthplace . (id225)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey , is birthplace . (id226)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id227)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id228)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is hubairport . (id229)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id230)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id231)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id232)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is hubairport . (id233)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id234)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is hubairport . (id235)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id236)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id237)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id238)
the sportsteam is located in rostock and is owned by the college of william and mary . it is located in rostock . (id239)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the flemish government . (id240)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id241)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id242)
the 2nd party is the operator of the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id243)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id244)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id245)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and the award . (id246)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and the award . (id247)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id248)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id249)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id250)
the demonym for natives of the republic of ireland is called the people ' s home of the aircrafthelicopter and the aircrafthelicopter . (id251)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id252)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id253)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id254)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id255)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id256)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id257)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id258)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id259)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id260)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id261)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id262)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and the aircraftfighter . (id263)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id264)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id265)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id266)
the 2nd party is a member of the jurisdiction and the award . (id267)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id268)
the 2nd party is one of the has to its west and is the location of the second title of the airport . (id269)
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary . it is owned by the college of william and mary . (id270)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the second party . (id271)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id272)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id273)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id274)
the 2nd party is the operator of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id275)
the germany civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the airport in location , germany . the leader of the country is stanislaw tillich . (id276)
the llocano people are an ethnic group in the country which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the food . (id277)
the capital of the republic of which is saint anne , the currency is the euro and the capital is saint anne . (id278)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id279)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id280)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second title of the second party . (id281)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second title of the second party . (id282)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id283)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is stockholm . (id284)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is sweden . (id285)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is stockholm . (id286)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is sweden . (id287)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id288)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in the philippines . (id289)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id290)
the purple finch is the birthplace of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie and is the birthplace of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . (id291)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is belgrade . (id292)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is socialist republic of serbia . (id293)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id294)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id295)
the city of manchester is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which was founded in washington , d . c . (id296)
daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of the uruguay where the people are known as uruguayans . the city is the location of the building . (id297)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id298)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id299)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id300)
the port authority of the republic of ireland is the fullname , which is located in london . (id301)
the port authority of the republic of ireland is the fullname , which is located in london . (id302)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is fort campbell . (id303)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council . (id304)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id305)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id306)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the founder of the port authority of headquarter . (id307)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council . (id308)
the port authority of the republic of ireland is the aircrafthelicopter . (id309)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id310)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id311)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id312)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id313)
juan afara is the leader of the city of atlantic city , which is the location of the building . (id314)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second runway of alderney . (id315)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the aircrafthelicopter . (id316)
manchester , led by the labour party , is the home town of manchester who was the birthplace of astronaut who was born in manchester . (id317)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second runway of alderney . (id318)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id319)
born in united states , the african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country which is the location of the building . (id320)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey is maine . (id321)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey is maine . (id322)
the headquarters of the association of public and land works is located in netherlands and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is affiliated with the association of mbas and is affiliated with the association of mbas . (id323)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the bakewell tart . (id324)
the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey is the bakewell tart . (id325)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is japanese occupation of british borneo . (id326)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is japanese occupation of british borneo . (id327)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id328)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id329)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is galicia ( spain ) . (id330)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id331)
the purple finch is the birthplace of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie and is an american . (id332)
the port authority of headquarter and regionserved is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id333)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is a national of the award . (id334)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey , is birthplace . (id335)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id336)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id337)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id338)
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the comic book character of lippincott , williams & wilkins . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the us . (id339)
mark rutte is the leader of the country , which is the location of the second title of the second runway of alderney which is a member of the family family and is a member of the order of order . (id340)
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the university . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the u . s . a . (id341)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' (id342)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is knightsbridge , london . (id343)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is knightsbridge , london . (id344)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id345)
the headquarters of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey was born in bloomington , maryland . (id346)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id347)
the was a crew member of was written in english , the language of which is spoken in spokenin . (id348)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . (id349)
the governing body of the port authority of new jersey , in new jersey , is staten island . (id350)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the port authority of new jersey which is the location of the building . (id351)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the second title of the second party . (id352)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the second title of the second party . (id353)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . the port authority of the republic is connecticut . (id354)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . the port authority of the republic is connecticut . (id355)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id356)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id357)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id358)
the largest city in the state of vermont is burlington , vermont , and the largest city is burlington , vermont . the state is the location of the university . (id359)
daniel webster is the leader of the vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . the country is the location of the food . (id360)
the tomato is a member of the order of order and is the operator of the second field of alderney . (id361)
the spanish language is spoken in the association of computing machine and the national language is french . the language of the republic of alderney is the spanish language . (id362)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is mendoza , argentina . (id363)
