1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba . (id1)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id2)
the has to its west is west of the national assembly . (id3)
the official language of ethiopia is officiallanguage . (id4)
bucharest is the capital of romania . (id5)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ' s dean is thomas pallesen . (id6)
there are 16000 students at the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . (id7)
the rector of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is rector . (id8)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id9)
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id10)
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id11)
awh engineering college is in kerala state of the state of kerala . (id12)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . (id14)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which has has to its northeast to its northeast . kerala has the has to its west to its west . (id15)
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in the romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in the country . (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . (id19)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology in belgaum , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . aarhus is governed by a magistrate . (id25)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . (id27)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , country to its northwest . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the federal assembly and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id32)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . it has 737 academic staff and numberofstudents students . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association is located in the city of aarhus which has the has to its west to its west . aarhus has the has to its west to its west . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and numberofstudents students . its dean is mario botta . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . the country ' s leader is the federal chancellor of denmark and the country ' s leader is the federal assembly . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in established and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . its dean is dean . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . its dean is mario botta . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is in the state of karnataka . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west and telangana to its northeast . (id47)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is the desteapta - te , romane ! . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the national anthem is the anthem . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association . (id51)
