abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from 1st_runway_surfacetype .
the fourth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the state of parana .
the people of denmark are called texans .
lahore is in the iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the arabic is spoken in iraq .
alcobendas is in the country of spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey serves the new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the aircraftfighter is an aircraft fighter in the united states air force .
the aircraftfighter is an aircraft fighter in the united states air force .
aarhus airport is operated by the aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where spanish is spoken .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . the runway length is 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
the operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the infraero is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in brasilia .
aarhus airport is operated by the aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 . the runway name is 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is located in iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway length is 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . the usaf fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 metres and a runway length of 877 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which is governed by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 23 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called texans .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the german language is spoken in belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples party ( spain ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the enaire is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews , texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as texans and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , is located in icolo e bengo , part of the community of luanda in angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . the airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by the turkmenistan airlines which has headquarters in ashgabat . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is hubashgabat international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport , which serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . don guardian is the leader of that country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority . the airport is owned by stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the language spoken is german language .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and the language spoken is kurdish languages .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and the language spoken is kurdish languages .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . the airport is located in punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by indian air force . the airport has an elevation of 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway length is 733 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in that country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in that country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey which is part of new jersey .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels . the leader of belgium is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force which uses the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force which is part of bundelkhand .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leaders are haider al - abadi and fuad masum .
