len wein won the purple heart . (id1)
sheldon moldoff won the award . (id2)
the birth place of antwerp is stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id4)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id5)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id6)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id7)
the birth place of antwerp is minna . (id8)
the birth place of antwerp is niger state . (id9)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id10)
the governing body of ireland is governingbody . (id11)
the birth place of antwerp is kent . (id12)
len wein is a member of the award . (id13)
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is founder . (id14)
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is mikulov . (id15)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id16)
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government . (id17)
the birth place of antwerp is hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is marietta , ohio . (id19)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id20)
len wein won the military cross . (id21)
the birth place of antwerp is knightsbridge , london . (id22)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id23)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id24)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id25)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id26)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id27)
sheldon moldoff is an american . (id28)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id29)
the governing body of ireland is governingbody . (id30)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id31)
sheldon moldoff won the award . (id32)
the birth place of antwerp is darien , connecticut . (id33)
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government . (id34)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id35)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id36)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id37)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id38)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id39)
the jurisdiction of the flemish government is the jurisdiction . (id40)
the austrian german is spoken in ethiopia . (id41)
the novel into battle is followed by the novel into battle . (id42)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id43)
the leader of jalisco is gabriela michetti . (id44)
the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction is the jurisdiction . (id45)
john van den brom plays for the club . (id46)
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is founder . (id47)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id48)
the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction is the jurisdiction . (id49)
the leader of jalisco is mark rutte . (id50)
the united states house of representatives is largestcity . (id51)
the polish academy of representatives is in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id53)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id54)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id55)
the polish academy of sciences is in kingdom of sarawak . (id56)
the headquarters of the polish academy of sciences is in minna . (id57)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is niger state . (id58)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id59)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id60)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id61)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id62)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id63)
the headquarters of the polish academy of sciences is in kent . (id64)
the polish academy of sciences is in kent . (id65)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id66)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id67)
the polish academy of sciences is in athens . (id68)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id69)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id70)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id71)
the polish government is a member of the award . (id72)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id73)
the polish academy of sciences is in knightsbridge . (id74)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id75)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id76)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id77)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id78)
the headquarters of the port authority of new zealand is the purple finch . (id79)
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is birthplace . (id80)
the polish academy of sciences is in new york city . (id81)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id82)
the headquarters of the polish academy of sciences is in austria - hungary . (id83)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is austria . (id84)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id85)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id86)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id87)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id88)
the polish academy of sciences is brussels . (id89)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id90)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id91)
the 2nd baron , john reith was the founder of the second field of the second field of the second field of the bbc . (id92)
the currency of netherlands is the euro and the currency is the euro . (id93)
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . (id94)
astronaut died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states . (id95)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is maine . (id96)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the airport . (id97)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is kingdom of sarawak . (id98)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is kingdom of sarawak . (id99)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . (id100)
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government . (id101)
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government . (id102)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council of which is based in galicia ( spain ) . (id103)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is galicia ( spain ) . (id104)
the 2nd party is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . (id105)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the port authority of headquarter . (id106)
the 2nd party is a member of the award . (id107)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is faversham . (id108)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is congress poland . (id109)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team . (id110)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council of which is based in athens . (id111)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council of which is based in athens . (id112)
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government . (id113)
mark rutte is the leader of the association for computing machinery , a popular tourist destination in the united states , and is the location of the university . (id114)
the leader of the association for computing machinery is mark rutte . the country is the home of the aircrafthelicopter and the award . (id115)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id116)
the 2nd party is a member of the award . (id117)
the 2nd party is a member of the award . (id118)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id119)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is marietta , ohio . (id120)
the purple finch is the postal code of staten island , which is the location of the building . (id121)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is located in staten island . (id122)
the governing body of the port authority of new zealand is governingbody . (id123)
the governing body of the city of texas is governingbody . the leader of the city is called the leadertitle . (id124)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is mendoza , argentina . (id125)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the birthplace of the port authority of new zealand . (id126)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . (id127)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id128)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id129)
the largest city in benton county , oregon , is burlington , vermont . (id130)
henry clay is the leader of the association for computing machinery . (id131)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is daniel webster . (id132)
the birth name of the novel into battle is united states and was born in united states . (id133)
the association for computing machinery is founder . (id134)
astronaut was born in county of tyrol and died in austria . (id135)
astronaut was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in austria . (id136)
the distinguished service medal of the united states navy is higher than the higher . (id137)
the novel into battle is operated by the sportsgoverningbody . (id138)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is a popular tourist destination in the us . (id139)
the kashubians are an ethnic group in the u . s . where the language spoken is polish language . the book writtenwork comes from the u . s . (id140)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey is maine . (id141)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey is maine . (id142)
the headquarters of the association of public and land works is located in netherlands and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is affiliated with the association of mbas and is affiliated with the association of mbas . (id143)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the bakewell tart . (id144)
the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey is the bakewell tart . (id145)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is japanese occupation of british borneo . (id146)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is japanese occupation of british borneo . (id147)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id148)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id149)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is galicia ( spain ) . (id150)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id151)
the purple finch is the birthplace of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie and is an american . (id152)
the port authority of headquarter and regionserved is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id153)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is a national of the award . (id154)
the port authority of the port authority of new jersey , new jersey , is birthplace . (id155)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id156)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id157)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id158)
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the comic book character of lippincott , williams & wilkins . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the us . (id159)
mark rutte is the leader of the country , which is the location of the second title of the second runway of alderney which is a member of the family family and is a member of the order of order . (id160)
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the university . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the u . s . a . (id161)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' (id162)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is knightsbridge , london . (id163)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is knightsbridge , london . (id164)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id165)
the headquarters of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey was born in bloomington , maryland . (id166)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id167)
the was a crew member of was written in english , the language of which is spoken in spokenin . (id168)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . (id169)
the governing body of the port authority of new jersey , in new jersey , is staten island . (id170)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the port authority of new jersey which is the location of the building . (id171)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the second title of the second party . (id172)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the second title of the second party . (id173)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . the port authority of the republic is connecticut . (id174)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . the port authority of the republic is connecticut . (id175)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id176)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id177)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id178)
the largest city in the state of vermont is burlington , vermont , and the largest city is burlington , vermont . the state is the location of the university . (id179)
daniel webster is the leader of the vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . the country is the location of the food . (id180)
the tomato is a member of the order of order and is the operator of the second field of alderney . (id181)
the spanish language is spoken in the association of computing machine and the national language is french . the language of the republic of alderney is the spanish language . (id182)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is mendoza , argentina . (id183)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council , which is based in the asajaya . the purple finch is the bird of the comics field . (id184)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id185)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id186)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id187)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council , which is located in the city of city . the county is governed by the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id188)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey which is located in the city of city . the governing body of the city is connecticut . (id189)
the city of city is the home of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , and is the birthplace of the city of connecticut . the city is the location of the writtenwork . (id190)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is the port authority of the association of public and land works and the award . (id191)
the port authority of headquarter and regionserved is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id192)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , the port authority of regionserved , is leadername . (id193)
emile roemer is the leader of the country , which is the location of the second field of the second title of the second airbase . the latter is also a member of the order of order and is a member of the order national football team . (id194)
khadija arib is the leader of the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey which is based in the state of parana . the country is the location of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . (id195)
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the university . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the u . s . and is governed by the democratic labour party . (id196)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id197)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id198)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id199)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the headquarter . (id200)
the governing body of the port authority of new jersey ( texas ) is the city council , and its leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id201)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id202)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , which is located in the state of texas . the governing body of the city is austria . (id203)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , which is located in the state of texas . the governing body of the city is imst . (id204)
the largest city in location is burlington , vermont . the largest city in the country is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id205)
the largest city in location is burlington , vermont , and the largest city is burlington , vermont . the largest city in the country is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id206)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and is the operator of the writtenwork . one of the ethnic groups in the us is the native americans . (id207)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the writtenwork . (id208)
the french is the national language of the association of panama and is in the state of parana . the language of the republic of regionserved is german . (id209)
