the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
adams county , pennsylvania is southwest of carroll county , maryland . (id2)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id3)
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . (id4)
the designers of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial are designer . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is located in the monocacy national battlefield . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is categorised as a contributing property . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . (id11)
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial , which is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id12)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is known as the leadertitle . (id13)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in pennsylvania , united states was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id15)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . (id16)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan which is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . (id17)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 . (id18)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id19)
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in seminary ridge , united states was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id21)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast . (id22)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id23)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . (id24)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast . (id27)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . (id28)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . (id30)
the largest city in turkey is istanbul , and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is made of bronze . (id31)
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id32)
the largest city in turkey is istanbul , and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id33)
