11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has the architectural style of architecturalstyle .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
the owner of alan b . miller hall is college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds was built in yearofconstruction .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
erie county , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is a leader in the new york city .
orange county is part of hays county in texas .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
significantproject was a significant project for julia morgan .
the marriott international is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new netherland is part of new york city .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square in united states has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler , who was born in the united states .
the architect of 3arena , east link bridge , was hok sve .
the architect of 3arena , dublin , was populous ( company ) .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
the akita museum of art is located in the country of japan , where the ethnic group is vietnamese .
akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat and was built in yearofconstruction .
the state of eastern province , sri lanka is lead by austin fernando .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland which is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . the leader of cleveland is frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue in united states has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building which has 22 floors and is located in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in north wall quay .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architect 3xn .
adare manor was designed by the architect augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury .
the architect of adare manor , owned by the college of william and mary , was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of significantasilomar conference grounds and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the architect julia morgan who was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of the country is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
103 colmore row , with 23 floors , began in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in illinois and was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , which is part of leinster , and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , copenhagen was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in county limerick , which is part of munster in the munster .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia and was completed in 1 june 2009 . it is owned by college of william & mary and was completed in 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn and brooklyn .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode is the hometown of the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode is the hometown of the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of india is ranil wickremesinghe .
t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii and the capital is london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president of the united states and the language is english . english is spoken in the united states .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it began in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the capital is springfield , illinois and the leader is rahm emanuel .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen and has the marriott international as its tenant . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
adare manor was designed by the architect , augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the country is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . it was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . it has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups is the brazilians .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia which is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is sumitra mahajan and the leader of the country is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . new york city is part of new netherland , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of the city is birmingham , which is lead by the labour party and the labour party .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
