1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette . the book was written in english which is the language spoken in spokenin . the book was preceded by the novel castle . (id1)
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities . (id2)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id3)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english and one of the ethnic groups is native americans . english is spoken in great britain . (id4)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id5)
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id6)
aenir was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which was written by author . (id7)
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . (id8)
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is the origin of the book 1634 the ram rebellion , written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . (id9)
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id10)
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and barack obama is the leader . the capital is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans . (id11)
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the leader is known as the president and the language spoken is english . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id12)
the people of united states are known as americans and the leader is the president . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the americans . (id13)
the city of alpharetta , georgia in the u . s . is the largest city in the u . s . where the largest city is largestalpharetta , georgia . the country is the location of the city of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of fulton county , georgia . (id14)
the state of texas is part of the state of texas , united states . the capital of the state is washington , d . c . and the language spoken is english . the state is also the location of the state of texas . (id15)
the state of texas , united states is the home of the state of texas . the state is the location of the university . (id16)
the state of texas is part of the state of texas in united states . the state is the location of the university in the state of texas which is part of the state of texas . (id17)
the city of anderson , indiana , part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , is the home of the city of atlantic city , n . j . in the u . s . (id18)
the city of antioch , california , which is part of the san francisco bay area , is the home of seat of atlantic city , new jersey which is the location of the california council of california . the city is the location of the california civil aviation authority . (id19)
the area of atlanta , which has a b . s . , is the city council , which is located in the city of atlanta , which has a utc offset of utcoffset . (id20)
the city of attica , indiana , which is located in the city of attica , indiana , is the location of the atlantic city international airport . attica , indiana has a total area of 55 . 0 square kilometres . (id21)
the capital of the state of alabama is austin , which is part of the state of alabama in united states . the capital of the state is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington d . c . (id22)
the city of auburn , washington , is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of king county , washington , in the united states . the city is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id23)
the largest city in williamson county , texas is largestaustin , texas which is part of williamson county , texas . the state is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id24)
the english language is spoken in texas , which is part of the state of texas in austin . the language of texas is german . (id25)
the city of austin , texas is located in the city of austin , texas , where the largest city is largestaustin , texas . the language spoken in austin , texas is spanish and austin is the largest city . (id26)
the city of alexandria , indiana is a part of the u . s . and is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of madison county , indiana . (id27)
the city of akron is part of texas . the county is the location of the county of texas , which is part of texas . the state is lead by leader . (id28)
marriott international is part of texas , in the united states . the city of akron is part of texas , in the united states . (id29)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is home to the ethnic group of white americans . the capital is washington d . c . and the country is the location of the university . (id30)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food . (id31)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . americans is the capital of the u . s . and is home to the ethnic group of the americans . the country is the location of the food . (id32)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english language . the country is the location of the ethnic group of americans . the country is the location of the university . (id33)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c . (id34)
the u . s . , which is part of alabama , is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the city of auburn , alabama , part of alabama , is the home of the ethnic group of auburn , alabama . (id35)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food . (id36)
the leader of united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the leader of the united states , which is lead by the president . the country is the location of the university . (id37)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language is spanish . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , which is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . (id38)
the capital of the u . s . is washington dc , the capital is washington d . c . and the country ' s leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building in the city of akron , ohio , summit county , ohio . (id39)
the leader of the united states is called the president . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states and the leader is called the president . the country is the location of the university . (id40)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in seminary ridge , united states was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id41)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast . (id42)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id43)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . (id44)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . (id45)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , country to its northwest . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id47)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the federal assembly and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students . (id50)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id51)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . it has 737 academic staff and numberofstudents students . (id52)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association is located in the city of aarhus which has the has to its west to its west . aarhus has the has to its west to its west . (id53)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id54)
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is stuart parker , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . and is a member of the chesterfield f . c . and is a member of the portugal national football team . (id55)
labour party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool where the ground of afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . and is the manager of afc blackpool . (id56)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian . they speak italian and the champions are s . s . robur siena . (id57)
the manager of aek athens f . c . is stuart parker , who is in the rb leipzig club and is in the rb leipzig club . he is in the chelsea f . c . club . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian . (id59)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . italian is the official language of the italian people . (id60)
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla and the language spoken is indonesian language . the country is also the location of the dish arem - arem . (id61)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and its ethnic group is malaysian chinese . (id62)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups . (id63)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups . (id64)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malaysian indian . (id65)
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id66)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id67)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bacon and sausage . (id68)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . two of the leaders in france are manuel valls and gerard larcher . (id69)
lemon is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of the colombia . lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id70)
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id71)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation on the dish siomay or shumai . (id72)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of siomay and siomay . (id73)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , which is the country where batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient in siomay , which is a variation on the club sandwich . (id74)
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id75)
vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji which comes from the karnataka region . (id76)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji , which is from the karnataka region . (id77)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id78)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id79)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert . (id80)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the spaniards are an ethnic group . (id81)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . two of the leaders in italy include laura boldrini and pietro grasso . (id82)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are laura boldrini and t . s . thakur and the capital is rome . (id83)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken there . (id84)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region of the java . (id85)
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id86)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the chinese filipino are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the country is philippine spanish and the chinese filipino . (id87)
ajoblanco is a dish from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is susana diaz and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the spaniards . (id88)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . (id89)
alan bean , a us national , was born in wheeler , texas and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . (id90)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . (id91)
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot backup pilot . (id92)
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . (id94)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . (id95)
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa where william anders was a backup pilot . (id96)
buzz aldrin was a member of apollo 11 ' s crew along with william anders as a backup pilot . (id97)
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14 and died in california . (id98)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . (id99)
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired in 1969 . (id100)
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . (id101)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r . (id102)
agra airport is located in india and is operated by indian air force . the airport has an elevation of 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . (id103)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3990 . 0 . (id104)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 . (id105)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers . (id106)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers . (id107)
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway length is 733 . 0 . (id108)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . (id109)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 in length . (id110)
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id111)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id114)
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it has a length of 3800 . 0 . (id115)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in that country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in that country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . (id117)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey which is part of new jersey . (id118)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels . the leader of belgium is charles michel . (id119)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . (id120)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states . (id121)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states . (id122)
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force which uses the hal light combat helicopter . (id123)
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force which is part of bundelkhand . (id124)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leaders are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . (id125)
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 . (id126)
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it began in january 2014 . (id127)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the capital is springfield , illinois and the leader is rahm emanuel . (id128)
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . (id129)
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . (id130)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen and has the marriott international as its tenant . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . (id131)
adare manor was designed by the architect , augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the country is enda kenny . (id132)
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . it was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id133)
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . it has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture . (id134)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups is the brazilians . (id135)
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia which is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is sumitra mahajan and the leader of the country is sumitra mahajan . (id137)
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe . (id138)
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . (id139)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds . (id140)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds . (id141)
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . new york city is part of new netherland , united states . (id142)
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of the city is birmingham , which is lead by the labour party and the labour party . (id143)
washington dc is the capital of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue . (id144)
the sportsteam is located in germany and is owned by the college of william and mary . it is owned by the college of william and mary . (id145)
the 2nd party is the operator of the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id146)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id147)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id148)
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university . (id149)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and the award . (id150)
the 2nd party is the county seat of the airport , which is located in london and is owned by the college of william and mary . (id151)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id152)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id153)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id154)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id155)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id156)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id157)
the port authority of french guiana and mary is the operating organisation of the airport , which is located in location . (id158)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id159)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id160)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is the port authority of the association of public and land grant universities . (id161)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id162)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id163)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the owner of the writtenwork which was founded by john hopkins council based in peoria , illinois . (id164)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the owner of the sportsteam which is located in rostock and is owned by the college of william and mary . (id165)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the owner of the sportsteam which is located in peoria , illinois and is owned by the college of william and mary . (id166)
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary . it is owned by the college of william and mary . (id167)
juha sipila is the leader of the country where the sami languages is spoken . the country is the location of the ac taqaddum air base . (id168)
the capital of germany is berlin and the country ' s leader is the prime minister . the country is the location of the university in the city of rostock . (id169)
andreas vosskuhle is the leader of the germany which has the capital city of berlin . the country is the location of the university which is located in location . (id170)
the english language is spoken in the u . s . and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the ac taqaddum air base . (id171)
the polish academy of sciences is in washington d . c . and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . (id172)
valentina matviyenko is the leader of the port authority of new jersey which is the location of the city of atlantic city , n . j . and is the location of the building . (id173)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is a member of the portugal national football team . he is the operator of the sportsteam . (id174)
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and juventus fc . (id175)
the port authority of the association of public and land works is the operator of the port authority of headquarter and the association of public and land works . (id176)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is a member of the portugal national football team . he is the operator of the sportsteam . (id177)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand ( which has the full name being known as the aircrafthelicopter ) is the location of the second runway of alderney . (id178)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the grozny , which is the location of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . (id179)
the full name of the port authority of the port authority of new zealand ( which is the grozny ) is the ground of as locationcity . it is operated by the operator which is operated by operator . (id180)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey and is the birthplace of the port authority of new zealand . (id181)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the operator of the sportsteam . he is a member of the portugal national football team . (id182)
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the operator of the sportsteam . he is a member of the portugal national football team . (id183)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id184)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id185)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id186)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id187)
the port authority of headquarter and regionserved is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id188)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id189)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id190)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id191)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id192)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id193)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id194)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id195)
the port authority of regionserved and regionserved is the operator of the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id196)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id197)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id198)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council , which is based in the asajaya . the purple finch is the bird of the comics field . (id199)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id200)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id201)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id202)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council , which is located in the city of city . the county is governed by the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id203)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey which is located in the city of city . the governing body of the city is connecticut . (id204)
the city of city is the home of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , and is the birthplace of the city of connecticut . the city is the location of the writtenwork . (id205)
the port authority of the association for computing machinery is the port authority of the association of public and land works and the award . (id206)
the port authority of headquarter and regionserved is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id207)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , the port authority of regionserved , is leadername . (id208)
emile roemer is the leader of the country , which is the location of the second field of the second title of the second airbase . the latter is also a member of the order of order and is a member of the order national football team . (id209)
khadija arib is the leader of the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey which is based in the state of parana . the country is the location of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . (id210)
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the university . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the u . s . and is governed by the democratic labour party . (id211)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id212)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id213)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id214)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the headquarter . (id215)
the governing body of the port authority of new jersey ( texas ) is the city council , and its leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id216)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id217)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , which is located in the state of texas . the governing body of the city is austria . (id218)
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , which is located in the state of texas . the governing body of the city is imst . (id219)
the largest city in location is burlington , vermont . the largest city in the country is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id220)
the largest city in location is burlington , vermont , and the largest city is burlington , vermont . the largest city in the country is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id221)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and is the operator of the writtenwork . one of the ethnic groups in the us is the native americans . (id222)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the writtenwork . (id223)
the french is the national language of the association of panama and is in the state of parana . the language of the republic of regionserved is german . (id224)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id225)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is the port authority of the association of public and land works . (id226)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second title of the second runway of as gubbio . (id227)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . it is the operator of the second field of the second party . (id228)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id229)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id230)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id231)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id232)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id233)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id234)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id235)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id236)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id237)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and east of the has to its west . (id238)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council , which is located in the city of manchester . the city is the location of the building . (id239)
the european parliament is the leader of the port authority of location which is lead by the european parliament . the city is the location of the building . (id240)
the european parliament is the leader of the city of atlantic city , which is the location of the building . the leader of the city is labour party ( uk ) . (id241)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id242)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and the south of parana . (id243)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id244)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id245)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter . (id246)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and the association of public and land grant universities . (id247)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second title of the second runway of as gubbio . (id248)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey . (id249)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id250)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second title of the second runway of as livorno calcio . (id251)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id252)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved . (id253)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . it is the operator of the second field of the second field . (id254)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . it is the operator of the arrow . (id255)
the 2nd party is one of the has to its west and is the location of the airport . (id256)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id257)
labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester , where the title of the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom . the city is the location of the building . (id258)
the spanish language is spoken in asuncion which is lead by the juan afara . the city is the location of astronaut , who died in paraguay . (id259)
the 2nd party is one of the has to its west and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument . (id260)
the 2nd party is one of the has to its west and is the location of the second field of the second name of airport . (id261)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the location of the second runway of alderney . (id262)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west . (id263)
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and east of the has to its west . it is the location of the comic journal . (id264)
the spanish language is spoken in the us and is lead by the daniel martinez ( politician ) . the country is the location of the distinguished service medal in the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id265)
