april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman was first broadcast by the bbc . (id2)
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski . (id5)
tim brooke taylor was born in lancashire . (id6)
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
marv wolfman is an american . (id9)
marv wolfman won the kirby award . (id10)
peter stoger is a us national . (id11)
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is northbrook , illinois . (id12)
peter laird is the creator of the comic book character april o ' neil . (id13)
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 . (id14)
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , who starred in bananaman , was born in derbyshire . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id18)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring . (id19)
roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) is the creator of the comic book character ben urich . (id20)
marv wolfman is the creator of bibbo bibbowski which was created by marv wolfman . (id21)
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic book character bibbo bibbowski . (id22)
the comic book character asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and the american , albert uderzo . (id23)
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . (id24)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id25)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id26)
ryan potter starred in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . (id27)
carmine infantino is the creator of the comic character , blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) who was created by carmine infantino . (id28)
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and the american , gary cohn ( comics ) . (id29)
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . (id30)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in broadcasting house and the tv series was shown on the bbc . the bbc broadcast bananaman . (id31)
bananaman , starring jill shilling , was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . (id32)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and starred ryan potter . (id33)
the comic book character bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and the american , ernie colon . (id34)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id35)
