april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was first broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
tim brooke taylor was born in lancashire .
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
marv wolfman is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter stoger is a us national .
the headquarters of the association of computing machinery is northbrook , illinois .
peter laird is the creator of the comic book character april o ' neil .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 .
tim brooke - taylor , who starred in bananaman , was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring .
roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) is the creator of the comic book character ben urich .
marv wolfman is the creator of bibbo bibbowski which was created by marv wolfman .
marv wolfman is the creator of the comic book character bibbo bibbowski .
the comic book character asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and the american , albert uderzo .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
ryan potter starred in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter .
carmine infantino is the creator of the comic character , blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) who was created by carmine infantino .
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and the american , gary cohn ( comics ) .
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in broadcasting house and the tv series was shown on the bbc . the bbc broadcast bananaman .
bananaman , starring jill shilling , was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and starred ryan potter .
the comic book character bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and the american , ernie colon .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
