pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre is from the valencian community region . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in a blt . (id7)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . (id12)
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs . (id13)
shumai is a variation of batagor . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region . (id17)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico . (id20)
bionico is from the jalisco region . (id21)
the purple finch is a member of the award . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id24)
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java . (id27)
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia . (id28)
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
the spanish language is spoken in new york . (id30)
ingredient is an ingredient in the country of china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of food . (id32)
malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of the uk . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where spanish is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where the leader is sergio mattarella . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id39)
arros negre is from the valencian community region , spain . (id40)
the main ingredients of asam pedas , which is eaten in the indonesia , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id41)
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region , indonesia . (id42)
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id43)
bacon are the main ingredients of bacon explosion which is a main course . (id44)
an ingredient of the bacon sandwich is bread and it also contains bacon . (id45)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from france . (id47)
baked alaska is a food found in france where the leader is manuel valls . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from united states . (id49)
fruit preserves is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia . (id51)
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id53)
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is claude bartolone . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is from indonesia . (id55)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where the leader is halimah yacob . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id59)
bhajji is from india where the people are called indian people . (id60)
bhajji is a food found in india where the leader is t . s . thakur . (id61)
binignit is a food found in philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
the main ingredients of binignit are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id65)
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is from the guadalajara region . (id66)
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert . (id67)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the leader is joko widodo . (id68)
shiitake is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of shumai . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy . (id70)
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the dish is from the javanese cuisine region . (id71)
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id72)
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the rome region of italy . (id73)
tomato is one of the ingredients in the dish ' ayam penyet ' which comes from the region of the rome in italy . (id74)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria . (id76)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia , indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . (id77)
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id79)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts . (id80)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france . (id82)
baked alaska is from france where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of united states . (id84)
sandesh is a dessert , as is baked alaska which contains raisins . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . it includes ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . (id87)
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia . (id88)
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine . (id89)
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine . (id90)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and manuel valls . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore , where tony tan is the leader and the country ' s leader is tony tan . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region of indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish ' ayam penyet ' which comes from the region of the singapore in singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji is from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert . (id98)
sago is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert . (id99)
taro is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk . (id101)
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico . (id102)
raisin is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . (id103)
bionico is from mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id104)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people and the language spoken is arabic . (id106)
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore where the language is indonesian and tony tan is the leader . (id107)
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id108)
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id110)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id111)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id112)
arros negre is a food found in spain , where the spaniards are an ethnic group and parliament of catalonia is the leader . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the malays and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in the country . (id114)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id117)
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id118)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group . (id120)
baked alaska is a dish from the paris , new york or hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id121)
baked alaska comes from the region of the hong kong in france , united states or china . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id122)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id123)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry . (id124)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . (id125)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id126)
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id127)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region region of the colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id128)
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id129)
batagor , a variation of siomay , contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay and siomay . (id130)
batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id131)
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id132)
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of region , singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia where the standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob . (id134)
beef kway teow is from the singapore region of the indonesia . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id135)
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetable . (id136)
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk . (id138)
binignit is from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id139)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id140)
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id142)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the country ' s leader is jusuf kalla . (id143)
the baduy are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group in java . (id144)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . the language of the philippines is philippine spanish . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people . one of the languages used in the country is arabic . (id146)
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken . (id147)
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken . (id148)
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla and the language spoken is indonesian language . the country is also the location of the dish arem - arem . (id149)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and its ethnic group is malaysian chinese . (id150)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups . (id151)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups . (id152)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malaysian indian . (id153)
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id155)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bacon and sausage . (id156)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . two of the leaders in france are manuel valls and gerard larcher . (id157)
lemon is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of the colombia . lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id158)
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id159)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation on the dish siomay or shumai . (id160)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of siomay and siomay . (id161)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , which is the country where batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient in siomay , which is a variation on the club sandwich . (id162)
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji which comes from the karnataka region . (id164)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji , which is from the karnataka region . (id165)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id166)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id167)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert . (id168)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the spaniards are an ethnic group . (id169)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . two of the leaders in italy include laura boldrini and pietro grasso . (id170)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are laura boldrini and t . s . thakur and the capital is rome . (id171)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken there . (id172)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region of the java . (id173)
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id174)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the chinese filipino are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the country is philippine spanish and the chinese filipino . (id175)
ajoblanco is a dish from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is susana diaz and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the spaniards . (id176)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . (id177)
