april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate ' s alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is an united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred alan tudyk .
baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and is made of big hero 6 ( film ) .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc . bananaman last aired on april 15th , 1986 .
big hero 6 ( film ) distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which stars scott adsit . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , also known as mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) .
bananaman the tv series was shown on the bbc which is headed by bbc radio . the bbc ' s key person is rona fairhead and it is located in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . bananaman was first aired on stv on october 03rd , 1983 .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and puerto ricans . the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk .
