1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii and uses the english language . (id1)
located in ithaca , new york , cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university affiliated with the association of american universities is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett . (id2)
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer which is published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . in the united states the english language is spoken . (id3)
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer which is published in the united states where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . in the united states the english language is spoken . (id4)
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer and is based in the united states , where asian americans is the ethnic group . in the united states the english language is spoken . (id5)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used in great britain . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . (id6)
above the veil was preceded by aenir and castle ( novel ) . above the veil is followed by into battle ( novel ) and the violet keystone . the into battle ( novel ) is published by australians . (id7)
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain . (id8)
the united states is lead by barack obama and uses the english language , which is also used in great britain . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id9)
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and comes from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id10)
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans . (id11)
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . in the united states the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states . (id12)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta . (id14)
potter county , texas is in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas . (id15)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . potter county , texas is in texas . (id16)
potter county , texas potter county , texas potter county , texas in potter county , texas , the united states , the state of texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas . (id17)
anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana and fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id18)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area , california . the leader of antioch , california is california ' s 11th state assembly district . california uses the english language . (id19)
atlanta covers 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . the area code for atlanta is 404 . atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . (id20)
the population density of attica , indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) ) . attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . (id21)
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id22)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington king county , washington , united states . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id23)
texas uses the english language . the largest city in williamson county , texas is round rock , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin , texas is part of texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . (id24)
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas . (id25)
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas . (id26)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana indiana indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language is english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans . (id27)
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas . (id28)
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . texas is in the united states and is the capital of austin , texas . the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . (id29)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where the largest city is new york city and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . (id30)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are known as americans and the native americans in the united states people . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans . (id32)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language . (id33)
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id34)
auburn , alabama is part of alabama and is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . opelika , alabama is the county seat of lee county , alabama . (id35)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . new jersey ' s capital is trenton , new jersey and its largest city is newark , new jersey . (id36)
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the language of the united states is english language . (id37)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language . (id38)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama . (id39)
albany , georgia is in the united states . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states . (id40)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property and is in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , united states . (id41)
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . (id42)
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id43)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade whose capital is baku and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id44)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id45)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . (id46)
acharya institute of technology ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . (id47)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader ' s title is monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . (id49)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id50)
awh engineering college is in kerala in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai and the river is the ganges . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id51)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people . (id52)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate to its northeast and mols to its northeast . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . (id53)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk . (id54)
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . the ground of a . c . lumezzane is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini played for vicenza calcio . (id55)
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for stockport county f . c . . the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) is a member of the chesterfield f . c . . (id56)
the a . s . gubbio 1910 football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . in italy the language spoken is the italian language . (id57)
aek athens f . c . ' s home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) ) located in marousi . gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for chelsea f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and the italian language is spoken . italy ' s capital is rome and its leader is pietro grasso . (id59)
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella where the italian language is used and the capital city is rome . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where italians live . (id60)
the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and indonesia . (id61)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group are malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese . (id62)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay . (id63)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay . (id64)
malaysia ' s leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group in malaysian malay . asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . (id65)
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon and sausage . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . (id66)
the leader of the united states is paul ryan and the english language is spoken in the country . bacon explosion comes from the united states where white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . . (id67)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup and blt . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom . (id68)
france ' s leader is manuel valls and gerard larcher is the spoken french language . baked alaska is from hong kong and is from france . (id69)
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa and is part of the rutaceae family and the order rosids . bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department in colombia . (id70)
france ' s leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the spoken french language . sponge cake is an ingredient of barny cakes which comes from france . (id71)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor and shumai . batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . (id72)
batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . (id73)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor and siomay . batagor comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id74)
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india . gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji and has the main ingredient of gram flour , vegetables . (id75)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the people are called the indian people . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala . (id76)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , the inhabitants are called the indian people . two leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . (id77)
bionico is a dessert that contains sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . (id78)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey . (id79)
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey . (id80)
spain ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and its ethnic group is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is carles puigdemont . (id81)
the leader of italy is matteo renzi and another leader is laura boldrini and italian language spoken in the country . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome . (id82)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . the inhabitants of italy are italians and the capital city is rome . (id83)
italy is lead by pietro grasso and matteo renzi and uses the italian language . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome . (id84)
ayam penyet is a dish nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and can be found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken and ayam penyet . (id85)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore ' s leader is tony tan and it uses the english language . (id86)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are an ethnic group and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and arabic . (id87)
ajoblanco originates from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . ajoblanco originates from andalusia where susana diaz is the leader . in spain the language spoken is the spanish language . (id88)
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . the leader of andalusia is susana diaz . (id89)
alan bean was a test pilot and was hired by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas . alan bean has retired . (id90)
the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , alan shepard , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . (id91)
william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and has frank borman as the commander . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong . (id92)
buzz aldrin was an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and was part of apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id94)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and was part of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and his alma mater was massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz aldrin has retired . (id95)
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and has william anders as the backup pilot . buzz aldrin has retired and was born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id96)
apollo 11 was operated by nasa and the backup pilot was william anders . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . (id97)
alan shepard died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the benitoite is from . alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . (id98)
alan shepard is an united states citizen born in new hampshire . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , alan shepard , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . (id99)
william anders was a fighter pilot . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 . (id100)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and the faroese language is greek . (id101)
at an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport ( named 14l / 32r ) is 4100 . 0 . (id102)
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . 167 . 94 is located at agra airport and the icao location identifier is viag . agra airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . (id103)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and the icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3990 . 0 . (id104)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and the icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3992 . 88 . (id105)
the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii aircraft aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . (id106)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom . the united states air force ' s attack aircraft is the lockheed ac - 130 and the transport aircraft is the lockheed c - 130 hercules . (id107)
88 . 0 is located at alderney airport and serves alderney and its 1st runway has an poaceae . the runway name of alderney airport ( named 08 / 26 ) is 733 . 0 . (id108)
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 3310 . 0 . (id109)
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18r / 36l ) is 2900 . 0 . (id110)
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id111)
with an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , alpena county regional airport has the runway name 7 / 25 and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . (id112)
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and has a runway called 1 / 19 that is 2744 . 0 meters long . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan . (id113)
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id114)
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which has the runway name 05l / 23r and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 metres . angola international airport has an elevation of 159 metres above sea level and is located in icolo e bengo . (id115)
greece ' s leader is alexis tsipras and another leader is nikos voutsis . the city of athens is served by athens international airport and is located in greece . (id116)
greece is lead by alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos and uses the greek language . the city of athens is served by athens international airport and is located in greece . (id117)
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is in new jersey . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . (id118)
the leader of belgium is charles michel and philippe of belgium is the capital city . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium . (id119)
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is in atlantic county , new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . (id120)
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york . (id121)
saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport . (id122)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and awadh . the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is the aircraft helicopter . (id123)
the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is the aircraft helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik . (id124)
iraq is lead by haider al - abadi and fuad masum and arabic . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq . (id125)
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states . (id126)
250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) ) and a floor count of 12 . 250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has the postmodern architecture . (id127)
the leader of chicago , united states , is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago which is part of illinois . the capital of illinois is springfield , illinois . (id128)
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and the faroese language is greek . (id129)
marriott international ' s key person is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c . . marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in denmark . denmark language is greenlandic language . (id130)
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its greenlandic language is greek . (id131)
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . adare manor is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny . (id132)
addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 m metres and its floor area is 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) ) . construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall . (id133)
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita , japan . the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and has a floor count of 3 . (id134)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . japan ' s leader ' s name is taro aso and its ethnic group is chinese people in japan . (id135)
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is located in virginia and owned by the college of william & mary . the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . ahmedabad is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly . (id137)
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando . (id138)
the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka in sri lanka . the governing body of the eastern province , sri lanka is the eastern provincial council . (id139)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building and the hearst castle . (id140)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed the riverside art museum and hearst castle . (id141)
new york city is part of manhattan in the united states . asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of new netherland . manhattan ' s leader is cyrus vance , jr . . (id142)
birmingham , which has the b postcode area is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and the birmingham city council . john madin was born in birmingham and is the architect of 103 colmore row . (id143)
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama along with john roberts . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . . (id144)
published by meyer werft , aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in germany . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & plc . (id145)
aidastella is a meyer werft top and operated by aida cruises . 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) is the length of the length of aidastella which is ship . (id146)
alco rs - 3 , builder , was build by may 1950 - august 1956 and has the length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . four - stroke engine is engine ' s engine cylinder . (id147)
american locomotive company is the builder count of 12 and v12 engine . alco rs - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , was created by may 1950 - august 1956 . (id148)
the united states , which is home to alv x - 1 , is the capital of washington , d . c . and has the abbreviated anthem the star - spangled banner . the people of the united states are known as americans and the native americans in the united states people . (id149)
thames , new zealand is the assembly style of station wagon , mid - size car . amc matador is amc v8 engine and also known as american motors matador . (id150)
published by humphrys , tennant and dykes , alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) which is located in london . alhambra , builder , is ship . (id151)
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer successor and wheel horse . chrysler is the fate person with roy d . chapin , jr . . (id152)
american submarine nr - 1 is a 4 . 6 m top and has the length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . 3 . 8 m is ship ' s ship ship . (id153)
antares ( rocket ) is mid - atlantic regional spaceport . mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch launch launch . the united states is the country of delta ii . (id154)
published by october 28th , 2014 , antares ( rocket ) is manufacturer , launch . antares ( rocket ) , diameter , is final . (id155)
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer flight flight , maiden , final . antares ( rocket ) , launch , is diameter . (id156)
published by guiana space centre , ariane 5 is final and is diameter . ariane 5 , manufacturer , is maiden . (id157)
the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in french guiana . ariane 5 is an ela - 3 launch national . arianespace is located in courcouronnes . (id158)
aston martin vantage is the successor successor . 5 . 3 ( litres ) is engine ' s engine assembly . aston martin v8 is aston martin . (id159)
aston martin v8 , assembly , was related to transportation and aston martin rham / 1 . coupe is the body of aston martin v8 which is in 5 . 3 ( litres ) . (id160)
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii . aston martin dbs is related to aston martin v8 and the united kingdom . aston martin is the manufacturer manufacturer . (id161)
brussels , belgium is the assembly engine , engine . audi a1 has the body of hatchback and is layout . (id162)
audi , lamborghini , is manufacturer and belongs to the division of audi e - tron . audi is a subsidiary of ducati and was founded by august horch . (id163)
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california is located in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states . (id164)
aida cruises is located in rostock . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person of caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . (id165)
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person of caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . (id166)
aidastella is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa . meyer werft is the builder , which is operated by aida cruises . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & plc . (id167)
arctech helsinki shipyard is the builder builder . the inhabitants of finland are finns and sami languages . the leader of finland is juha sipila . (id168)
neptun werft is the builder location of rostock , germany . the leader of germany is joachim gauck and the capital is berlin . (id169)
neptun werft is the builder location of rostock , germany . the leader of germany is andreas vosskuhle and the capital is berlin . (id170)
the united states is home to atlas ii and native americans in the united states . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . . (id171)
abel hernandez is in penarol . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . (id172)
aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team and fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov died in russia whose leader is valentina matviyenko . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . (id173)
the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . the chairman of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas . aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv . (id174)
alessio romagnoli is defender ( football ) and plays for u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan who play in serie a . alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . (id175)
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and italy national under - 17 football team . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan . (id176)
central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez is in central espanol . abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . (id177)
the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . gadzhi gadzhiyev is the manager of fc amkar perm . (id178)
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov . (id179)
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc spartak moscow and plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow . (id180)
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . (id181)
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . (id182)
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . (id183)
december 31st , 2006 is the epoch apoapsis , which is a apoapsis apoapsis . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , periapsis , is orbital . (id184)
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . august 15th , 1868 is the discovered discovered . (id185)
james craig watson , peritonitis , discoverer , died on madison , wisconsin . james craig watson has an state of canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . (id186)
walter baade , discoverer , was born on german empire and graduated from university of gottingen . walter baade ' s doctoral place is allan sandage and he died on gottingen . (id187)
1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer who graduated from university of gottingen and his alma mater is university of gottingen . allan sandage is the doctoral student of walter baade , which was born on german empire . (id188)
walter baade , doctoral student allan sandage , is a germany and was born on german empire . walter baade , discoverer , has university of gottingen for an alma mater . (id189)
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . september 07th , 1868 is the discovered discovered . (id190)
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the periapsis periapsis . (id191)
107 camilla is a december 31st , 2006 discoverer and 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 2368 . 05 ( days ) is orbital ' s orbital periapsis . (id192)
107 camilla is a c . woods orbital and was created by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch periapsis . (id193)
107 camilla is a 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) apoapsis and f . vilas . december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch orbital . (id194)
7 . 08 is the absolute absolute . n . r . pogson of england was born in nottingham . n . r . pogson died in chennai . (id195)
373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the apoapsis epoch , which is a epoch epoch . 1089 tama is 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) and the former name is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . (id196)
1101 clematis is a 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) epoch and apoapsis . 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) is mass ' s mass orbital . (id197)
173 . 0 ( kelvins ) is the temperature temperature , which is in november 26th , 2005 . 11264 claudiomaccone , orbital , is apoapsis . (id198)
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is kuching . abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . (id199)
the residence of abdul taib mahmud is demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id200)
nigerian navy is the military military . mike akhigbe is a atiku abubakar predecessor oladipo diya . may 29th , 1999 is the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar . (id201)
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . olusegun obasanjo is successor ' s successor which was founded by may 29th , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army . (id202)
governor of connecticut is the office for abraham a . ribicoff , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party . abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut . (id203)
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare is the office of abraham a . ribicoff , united states , who was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff of the democratic party ( united states ) died in new york city . (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut . casey ribicoff is spouse ' s death death . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . (id205)
grenadier guards is the military , whose office is made with member of parliament for gravesham . adam holloway , who was begun in may 05th , 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id206)
adam holloway , which is a conservative party ( uk ) high , was born by grenadier guards and was born on faversham , kent , england . may 05th , 2005 was begun for adam holloway and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge . (id207)
konstantinos mitsotakis is the office of antonis samaras . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id208)
house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office of agnes kant , netherlands , which is lead by mark rutte . emile roemer is in socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . (id209)
the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) is khadija arib . netherlands is an agnes kant agnes kant leader . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg . (id210)
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg . (id211)
albert b . white ( born : 1856 ) retired on july 03rd , 1941 and died on parkersburg , west virginia . 1941 died architect albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 . (id212)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . agnes ward white is spouse ' s birth place , he was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id213)
agnes ward white is the spouse as spouse spouse . albert b . white is the architect of march 04th , 1905 and was born in cleveland . (id214)
march 04th , 1905 is the architect of albert b . white which was started on march 04th , 1901 and is voiced by william m . o . dawson . albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in cleveland . (id215)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . eva peron is the spouse party of labour party ( argentina ) . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id216)
isaac rojas is the successor as successor successor . alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 . (id217)
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on styria . austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in graz . (id218)
austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in imst . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died on graz . alfons gorbach died in styria . (id219)
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . march 03rd , 1857 is the architect of alvah sabin , who ' s death . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id220)
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died on sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id221)
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in battle of gettysburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis . (id222)
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in siege of petersburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis . (id223)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron , spouse . in argentina . (id224)
brian robertson ( trombonist ) is the member of suburban legends ' s member . aaron bertram is artist and is made with ska punk . punk rock is the stylistic stylistic . (id225)
indiana is origin of aaron deer , origin of the united states and background . aaron deer is artist and is made with indie rock . (id226)
1995 was built in aaron turner , associated with musical and the united states . aaron turner is artist and is made with black metal . (id227)
constructed in 1995 , the start year aaron turner is massachusetts and it ' s associated is twilight ( band ) . aaron turner is artist and is made with sludge metal . (id228)
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 in poland . magik ( rapper ) is the associated of abradab , associated with kaliber 44 . (id229)
ace wilder was an solo singer born in sweden on july 23rd , 1982 . 1982 was born in ace wilder , which was operated by singing . (id230)
ace wilder was an solo singer born in stockholm on july 23rd , 1982 . 1982 was born in ace wilder , which was operated by songwriter . (id231)
drum and bass is derivative ' s derivative stylistic . hip hop music , stylistic , is music . ace wilder is in hip hop music . (id232)
drum and bass is the derivative origin , stylistic , stylistic . ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder is in hip hop music . (id233)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) , artist , was constructed in 1966 and was born in windsor , connecticut . the wildweeds is the associated of al anderson ( nrbq band ) , rock music . (id234)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a guitar associated with musical and is voiced by rock music . bhangra ( music ) is the genre of rock music which is the stylistic . (id235)
alan frew is an newmarket , ontario origin of solo singer and was born on coatbridge . canada is the origin of alan frew , which was distributed by musician . (id236)
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 and was born in socialist republic of serbia . solo singer is the background genre of pop music . pop music is made with disco . (id237)
aleksandra kovac , constructed in 1990 , was developed by k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and was developed by solo singer . kornelije kovac is the associated of aleksandra kovac , rhythm and blues . (id238)
alfred garth jones was born in england and is a united kingdom and was born on manchester . 1872 was born in alfred garth jones and died in london . (id239)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died on sidcup . london is lead via the european parliament and the leader is boris johnson . alfred garth jones died in london . (id240)
the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones died in sidcup . the leader of london is the european parliament . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones died in london . (id241)
alison o ' donnell , record , was constructed in 1963 and was developed by flibbertigibbet . mellow candle is the associated of alison o ' donnell , folk music of ireland . (id242)
deram records is located in london . stanyan records is the record genre of jazz . funk is the derivative derivative . (id243)
jazz , derivative , stylistic was created by afrobeat . autoharp is the instrument genre of jazz . (id244)
jazz , origin blues , is derivative and was created by afrobeat . voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is the instrument genre of jazz . (id245)
allen forrest was born in 1981 and was born in fort campbell . solo singer is the background genre of acoustic music . allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . (id246)
anders osborne , artist , associated with musical , was built in 1989 . voice of the wetlands all - stars is the associated of anders osborne , rock music . (id247)
anders osborne , artist , is associated with musical and the associated associated with tab benoit . 1989 was built in anders osborne , which is in blues . (id248)
andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 and was born in campia turzii . solo singer is the background occupation of singer , reality television judge . andra ( singer ) is in dance - pop . (id249)
andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 and was born in romania . solo singer is the background occupation of singing . andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues . (id250)
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical . armin van buuren is the associated of andrew rayel , trance music . trance music origin is pop music . (id251)
christian burns is associated with andrew rayel , which was built in 2009 and was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is artist and is made with trance music . (id252)
andrew rayel was built in 2009 and was associated by bobina in chisinau , moldova . jwaydan moyine is the associated of andrew rayel , trance music . (id253)
john digweed is the associated associated with jwaydan moyine . christian burns is the associated of andrew rayel , instrument . andrew rayel is in trance music . (id254)
andrew white ( musician ) , label , associated with musical , was built in 2003 . marry banilow is the associated of andrew white ( musician ) , record . (id255)
published by disco , hip hop music is derivative , stylistic . allen forrest is in hip hop music . allen forrest was born in fort campbell . (id256)
hip hop music , stylistic , derivative , was stylistic . 1981 was born in allen forrest and is in hip hop music . (id257)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom . alfred garth jones died in london . (id258)
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died on paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and the spanish language is greek . the ethnic group of paraguay is mestizo . (id259)
polydor records is located in london . b - unique records is the record genre of alternative rock . nu metal is the genre of alternative rock . (id260)
polydor records is located in london . universal records ( defunct record label ) is the record genre of alternative rock . nu metal is the genre of alternative rock . (id261)
blues is the stylistic stylistic . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is an guitar instrument genre . bhangra ( music ) is the genre of rock music . (id262)
rock music is a bhangra ( music ) stylistic . country music is banjo . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in rock music . (id263)
death metal is the genre of black metal . old man gloom is the associated of aaron turner , instrument . twilight ( band ) is in black metal . (id264)
montevideo is a dish from uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader and the spanish language is spoken . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo whose leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) . (id265)
