the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where akron , ohio is an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , california , has the title united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california , orange county , california is located in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , with a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) , is located at 184 .
arlington , texas part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the book akron , ohio .
albuquerque , new mexico , which is from the united states , is led by the president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where arrabbiata sauce originates from .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which includes bacon .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is similar to a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart and is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are called indian people .
t . s . thakur is the leader of india where bhajji originates .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit , which contains banana , is sweet potato .
bionico is a food found in mexico , it ' s leader is enrique pena nieto .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a dessert , as is bionico .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor , shumai , uses shiitake as an ingredient .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
the al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the united states air force , involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the first runway at alderney airport , which is 877 , is made of asphalt .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has an asphalt surface .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , with a runway length of 2014 , serves the city of amsterdam .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , with a runway length of 3300 , serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose largest city is houston .
the angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , has a runway length of 3800 .
the ardmore airport ( new zealand ) , with a runway length of 597 , has a poaceae .
the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet , and it is 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga and has 27250 members .
verona , italy is the home ground of a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who died in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and they payed in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio is based in livorno and play in the serie b league .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
the full name of acf fiorentina is ` ` acf fiorentina s . p . a . ' ' and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and its ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as a tenant .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan and its ground is the azal arena .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they payed in the 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is based in gubbio , which comes from the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
eric flint , author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce , author of 1634 : the ram rebellion , was produced in e - book .
aip advances , abbreviated to aip adv . , has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 , which is available in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press , whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in print form .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and it is available in print .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , by julius springer .
the literary number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the discipline of the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , is mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the university is located in the city of belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has the president b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , starred alan tudyk .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bo bibbowski , full name bibbo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on march 15th , 1932 ) is now retired .
alan shepard , deceased , was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 and was born in british hong kong .
william anders , retired , graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , chicago , has 60 floors .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
hok sve designed the 3arena at east link bridge .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the populous ( company ) .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival architecture style .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
aaron s . daggett , who was created by battle of fredericksburg , won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett , who was created by battle of gettysburg , won purple heart .
the library of abdul taib mahmud , which was created by abdul rahman ya ' kub , is stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was born in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and is located in al - amin daggash .
construction of abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , began in may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal lives in world war ii , joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was built on united states army in the korean war .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was an gravesend who was born in kent .
adam koc , who was created by world war i , won virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and has the office in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant has an office of parliamentary group leader and was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , has won military cross .
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france .
airey neave lives in battle of france , hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and was battles in world war ii .
airey neave lives in world war ii , franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave lives in world war ii , joseph stalin .
albert b . white ( born on september 22nd , 1856 ) died in 1941 .
albert b . white , born on september 22nd , 1856 , was designed by politician .
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico was born in new york city .
the albert jennings fountain , built on edmund j . davis , died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain party of republican party ( united states ) was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in austria .
alfred moore scales has an office of governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid ( politician ) .
the alma mater of alfred moore scales , which was created by daniel gould fowle , is princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was built in the united states house of representatives .
united states army was created by american civil war and alfred n . phillips .
allan shivers lives in world war ii , joseph stalin .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and is located in ben ramsey .
alvah sabin , born on october 23rd , 1793 , was built in secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant is in netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is in netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia in the united states .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and is attached to the club wichita thunder .
abel hernandez is at the penarol club and is managed by jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club and is attached to the club penarol .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club and is attached to the club netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the steel azin f . c . club and is attached to the club al shorta sc .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and is managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national football team club and is attached to the club t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , aka new england patriots , was built on 39 .
akeem ayers , aka tennessee titans , was built on 39 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley is at the rops club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - khor sports club club and is based at al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is managed by amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is based at new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . ( born on september 2nd , 1995 ) plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and is attached to the club florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club and is managed by valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 in manitoba .
alex tyus ( born on january 8th , 1988 ) plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language is spoken .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc dinamo batumi club and is managed by levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is based at otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley played for rops in the veikkausliiga .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is based at palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , which was designed by guitar , is in psychedelia .
the origin of aaron deer , which was designed by the united states , is indiana .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , is located in electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , which was designed by singing , is in avant - garde metal .
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in poland in katowice .
ace wilder is in hip hop music which is governed by disco .
the ace wilder , or warner music group , was designed by solo singer .
agustin barboza was built in philips records and was born in paraguay .
alan frew is in rock music which is governed by bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew is in rock music which is governed by country music .
albennie jones is in jazz which is governed by blues .
aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , is in pop music .
aleksandra kovac is in rhythm and blues which is governed by blues .
the aleksandra kovac , built in 1990 , is in soul music .
alex day is in synthpop which is governed by new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in zamba ( artform ) .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with plastik mak , was built on bajik .
alison o ' donnell is abbreviated to floating world records and is part of the genre of folk rock .
alison o ' donnell , which was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , is in jazz .
allen forrest , which was designed by solo singer , is in hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock which is governed by christian alternative rock .
the anders osborne , with an associated with phil lesh and friends , was built on tab benoit .
anders osborne is abbreviated to rabadash records and is part of the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is abbreviated to shanachie records and is part of the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) , pop music , was built in 2000 .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues which is governed by blues .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on jonathan mendelsohn .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jonathan mendelsohn , was built on mark sixma .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on armin van buuren .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock which is governed by new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music , which was founded by banjo .
polydor records , london , operates andrew white ( musician ) .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , or 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was designed by 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) , is a 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was designed by 88234300000 , was designed by spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was designed by july 14th , 2004 , was built in 16244700 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was designed by july 14th , 2004 , was built in 9953 . 28 .
101 helena , which was designed by james craig watson , died in peritonitis .
the 1036 ganymed , or 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , germany .
103 hera , which was designed by james craig watson , died in peritonitis .
103 hera is nicknamed james craig watson , canada .
107 camilla is nicknamed n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was also known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama , 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 279142000000 .
109 felicitas , which was designed by 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is a 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 283326000000 .
the 109 felicitas , or 47487 . 6 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 .
10 hygiea , which was designed by 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , is a 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
10 hygiea , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was also known as a900 ga .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 142603000 .
the class of a - rosa luna is cruise ship and it ' s length is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
a - rosa luna , which is classed as a 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on january 22nd , 2004 .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises in germany .
aidaluna was operated by aida cruises in rostock .
aidaluna , which is classed as a 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on 40 . 744 .
the aidastella , built on march 16th , 2013 , was developed by the length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by montreal locomotive works , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 , which was designed by 1 . 524 ( metres ) , was built in 2 .
amc matador , which was designed by kenosha , wisconsin , was built in 1974 .
the designer of amc matador , designed by richard a . teague , was chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is a 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) dish found in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by milan , related to saab 9000 .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by italy , related to fiat croma .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by italy , related to lancia thema .
alvis speed 25 is nicknamed alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , was designed by 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , was designed by straight - six engine .
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , was founded by eagle ( automobile ) .
the flight flight about antares ( rocket ) is january 9th , 2014 . it is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is in argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the ariane 5 , or ela - 3 , was designed by airbus defence and space .
ariane 5 is nicknamed airbus defence and space , whose parent company is airbus group .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin rham / 1 , was designed by the united kingdom .
aston martin v8 , which was designed by aston martin , was designed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 , which was designed by aston martin virage , was founded by aston martin .
the atlas ii , or march 16th , 1998 , was designed by 3 . 04 m .
the atlas ii , or cape canaveral air force station , was designed by lockheed martin .
audi a1 is nicknamed audi which belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
audi a1 , which was designed by audi , was founded by ducati .
audi a1 , which was designed by audi , was founded by quattro gmbh .
the type of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . where the key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
delta ii , who designed antares ( rocket ) , was built in vandenberg air force base .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is nicknamed finland whose leader is juha sipila .
american submarine nr - 1 is nicknamed general dynamics electric boat , whose parent company is general dynamics .
a - rosa luna , which is governed by mtu friedrichshafen , is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
aston martin v8 is nicknamed the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
