the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay olympic football team club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay national football team club .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the iraq national football team club .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was commanded by atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club .
al - khor sports club is in the league , qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
the position of al kharaitiyat sc is qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the sanat mes kerman f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 19 football team club .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is at the florida panthers club .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is in the league , national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc samtredia club .
aleksandre guruli is at the georgia national under - 21 football team club .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club .
alessio romagnoli was awarded the a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus is in the league , turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the city of atlanta falcons .
the manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in hungary .
the english language is spoken in canada .
slavey language is the language spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
finnish language is the language spoken in finland .
italy national under - 16 football team is nicknamed daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is nicknamed zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is located in fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is in the city of st . louis .
tennessee titans is in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and is attached to the club wichita thunder .
abel hernandez is at the penarol club and is managed by jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club and is attached to the club penarol .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club and is attached to the club netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the steel azin f . c . club and is attached to the club al shorta sc .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and is managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national football team club and is attached to the club t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , aka new england patriots , was built on 39 .
akeem ayers , aka tennessee titans , was built on 39 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley is at the rops club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - khor sports club club and is based at al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is managed by amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is based at new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . ( born on september 2nd , 1995 ) plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and is attached to the club florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club and is managed by valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 in manitoba .
alex tyus ( born on january 8th , 1988 ) plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language is spoken .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc dinamo batumi club and is managed by levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is based at otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley played for rops in the veikkausliiga .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is based at palo seco velodrome .
aaron hunt was created by goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg , and has represented the club sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen ii club and plays for both vfl wolfsburg and dieter hecking .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , and has represented the club u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo , and has represented the club penarol .
adam maher was born in netherlands and plays for both az alkmaar and psv eindhoven .
akeem adams is at the w connection f . c . club and plays for united petrotrin f . c . at its ground at palo seco .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team los angeles rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team st . louis rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
akeem dent , born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 , began on atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for both shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the shabab al - ordon club club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc at its ground at al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and is attached to the club clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the motherwell f . c . club and plays for accrington stanley f . c . at its ground at accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 2nd , 1995 and is part of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born in tampere , finland on september 2nd , 1995 , began on florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov ( born in soviet union ) died in russia , where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for fc kuban krasnodar and is attached to the club fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for russia national football b team and is attached to the club fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is at azal pfk and plays for both olympique lyonnais and parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli is at the us lesquin club and plays for olympique lyonnais at its ground at parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is at the italy national under - 16 football team club and plays for both a . c . milan and sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli is at the u . c . sampdoria club and plays for both a . c . milan and sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for italy national under - 16 football team as well as a daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for both italy national under - 17 football team and u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 1 . 9304 and is the club anyang halla .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has a height of 1 . 9304 and is the club anyang halla .
alex tyus is in the euroleague league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . as well as a zvi sherf .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . as well as a zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc tom tomsk club and plays for fc spartak moscow at its ground at otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov in fc anzhi makhachkala , played for fc spartak moscow and is based at otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov , who played for fc torpedo moscow , manager of valery petrakov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay olympic football team club and plays for both hull city a . f . c . and steve bruce .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , place of sergey sobyanin and died in russia .
abner ( footballer ) is at the brazil national under - 20 football team club and plays for both real madrid castilla and luis miguel ramis .
abner ( footballer ) is at the real madrid castilla club , manages luis miguel ramis and is attached to the club c . d . fas .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis where francis g . slay is the leader .
the akeem ayers , with the former team new england patriots , was built on tennessee titans in the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team club and plays for united petrotrin f . c . at its ground at palo seco .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club . aaron , who plays for sv werder bremen ii , play in the 3 . liga league and are managed by alexander nouri .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and penarol . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club and is managed by steve bruce .
the manager of abel hernandez is penarol , they are managed by jorge orosman da silva and previously played for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol . he is at the u . s . citta di palermo club , manages giuseppe iachini and is in serie a .
adam mcquaid ( born in prince edward island on october 12th , 1986 ) was designed by 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and was born in 1986 .
adam mcquaid is abbreviated to columbus blue jackets which is located in columbus , ohio . he is at the boston bruins club and is also known as don sweeney .
akeem ayers ( born on july 10th , 1989 ) was the former team for st . louis rams and was built on tennessee titans and was born in 1989 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 and was houston texans in 1987 .
akeem dent , who was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 , was broadcast by atlanta falcons and houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - zawra ' a sc club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc their ground is located at al khor and is managed by amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the iraq national under - 23 football team club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc their ground is located at al khor and is managed by amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the shabab al - ordon club club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc their ground is located at al khor and is managed by amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club hamilton academical f . c . , with played for crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club scotland national under - 21 football team , with played for crewe alexandra f . c . .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club fc kuban krasnodar , with played for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club fc spartak moscow , with played for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , has a height of 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club fc karpaty lviv , in fc zestafoni .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9th , 1989 and was 1989 in anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 and is 1 . 9304 in anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , elizabeth ii where inuktitut is the leader and o canada is the anthem .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii leads the o canada and the anthem of asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , elizabeth ii where slavey language is the leader and o canada is the anthem .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc kuban krasnodar club and plays for fc terek grozny their ground is located at grozny and is managed by rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov and its chairman is aleksandr tukmanov . torpedo competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season .
the akeem dent ( atlanta falcons ) , houston texans , is located in the city of texas and is located in the city of houston .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol in the uruguayan primera division league . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club and is managed by steve bruce .
abel hernandez , who was awarded the penarol , has been managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo . he is at the central espanol club . it is in the league , uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr chumakov is at the soviet union national football team club . aleksandr is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov . aleksandr died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club whose manager is oleh luzhny . he is at the olympique lyonnais club whose ground is located at parc olympique lyonnais . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of the olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is nicknamed defender ( football ) and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . he is at the a . c . milan club whose manager is sinisa mihajlovic . serie a play in the milan .
alessio romagnoli , nicknamed a . c . milan , plays for italy national under - 17 football team and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . the manager of milan , who are the manager of sinisa mihajlovic , is silvio berlusconi .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay national football team club . he was awarded the central espanol . abel is at the u . s . citta di palermo club whose manager is giuseppe iachini . it is in the league , uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club whose manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . aleksandr is at the fc spartak moscow club whose ground is located at otkrytiye arena . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc terek grozny club whose ground is located at grozny and he is managed by rashid rakhimov . aleksandr is at the fc spartak moscow club . sergey rodionov is the chairman of spartak .
aleksandr prudnikov was awarded the fc spartak moscow . aleksandr is at the fc dynamo moscow club . aleksandr is at fc terek grozny whose ground is located at grozny and he is managed by rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and is attached to the club soviet union national football team . aleksandr , who played for fc torpedo moscow , manager of valery petrakov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll and its chairman is gabor kubatov . adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is based at palo seco .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll and its chairman is gabor kubatov . adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is based at palo seco velodrome .
