abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol has the 1st runway number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
belgium language is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
one of the languages of iraq is arabic .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the owner of alan b . miller hall is the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds were built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
the people of india are called indian people .
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is white south african .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
the aids ( journal ) is in the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way was written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
aenir was written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written in the english language .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the language of the castle ( novel ) is the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux ' s parent company is macmillan publishers .
one of the notable notable work of john cowper powys is a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the asian americans .
the language of the united states is english language .
weymouth sands is preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division league .
the  full name  of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the  full name  of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio comes from umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez played for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti played for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini played for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini played for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala has to its northwest mahe , india .
the neighboring municipality of mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is an united states .
apollo 8 backup pilot was buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
california has the gemstone benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate ' s alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
in california the language is the spanish language .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
madison county , indiana has the county seat of anderson , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the leader of the united states is barack obama .
the united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol .
an ingredient of amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
one ingredient of the blt is tomato .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
the book bakewell pudding was served by warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is chicharron .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
the serving size of barny cakes is 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
one of the main ingredients of batagor is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
the alternative name of bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
an ingredient of binignit is taro .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico comes from the jalisco region .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language of indonesia is indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people .
malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian malay .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
in new york .
shumai is from china .
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce .
the ethnic group of sumatra is malays ( ethnic group ) .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the monocacy national battlefield where the nearest city is frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
albany , oregon is part of oregon where the capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states , is lead by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . arlington , texas has an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
amarillo , texas is from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the title of the leader is the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bacon and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread and it is a variation of blt .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
baked alaska has meringue as an ingredient and comes from the united states .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso has vermicelli in it and comes from indonesia .
an ingredient of bakso is celery which belongs to apiaceae .
bandeja paisa has chicharron as one of its ingredients and comes from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and the main ingredient is banana .
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and comes from guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
a variation of batagor is shumai which has shiitake as an ingredient .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where they speak arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of - - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a runway length of 597 . 0 and its 3rd runway has an poaceae surface .
ashgabat international airport has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway named 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is in verona , italy and they have 39371 members .
italy born rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who is attached to the club fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) ) who was at blackburn rovers f . c . .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in lancashire and the club has 3180 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and it has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who played for juventus f . c . .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and it has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) ) and they compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which has jong ajax tenant .
azal pfk ' s home ground is the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio . gubbio comes from umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a . s . roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f . c . .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available in e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which was written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , also known as am . j . math . , comes under the academic discipline mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics was published by the johns hopkins university press which is governed by johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and the city is located in bangalore .
acharya institute of technology was awarded the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
awh engineering college is in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is an united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred alan tudyk .
baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and is made of big hero 6 ( film ) .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
200 public square is located in the united states and has a floor count of 45 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 34 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has a floor count of 60 .
located in the united states , george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen is marriott international .
adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architecture style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architecture style .
the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is ` ` 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori ' ' . the floor count of the akita museum of art is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road and is located in gujarat .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3arena is located in dublin , part of the republic of ireland .
alan bean is an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas . alan bean has retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin was a student at massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was hired by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin is a united states national .
elliot see , a united states national , was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was a student at university of texas at austin and was hired by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis whose leader is francis g . slay . elliot see was a student at university of texas at austin .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 in st . louis which is part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch is a british bird . alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by virginia demarce and eric flint is available in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in english language of great britain ) .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for computing machinery headquartered in new york city . the leader of the association for computing machinery is alexander l . wolf .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) ( which comes under hiv / aids ) is hiv . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 0269 - 9370 .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) ( which comes under hiv / aids ) is hiv . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 1473 - 5571 .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson who resides in the united states and has stanford university for an alma mater .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , written in english language .
a severed wasp , from the united states , was written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover with the oclc 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 . the abbreviation of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . .
aenir was followed by above the veil and was written in english language . above the veil is from the country of australians .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil . above the veil was written in the english language .
above the veil was written by garth nix and is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica ' s abbreviated name is acta palaeontol . pol . .
the addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 0965 - 2140 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university in new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil . aenir was written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and was written in english which english language of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog .
administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune . the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in english language .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg and played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for both a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a , the full name of associazione calcio lumezzane spa .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza f . c . .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is located in blackpool and it has 1500 members . the  full name  of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for both chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde and plays for colwyn bay f . c . and stockport county f . c . .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno , italy and has 19238 members . the  full name  of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . .
christian panucci has been the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in serie b , which has been won by carpi f . c . 1909 .
christian panucci has been the manager of a . s . livorno calcio and plays for both real madrid c . f . and chelsea f . c . .
aek athens f . c . ' s home ground is in greece and they compete in the superleague greece , which has olympiacos f . c . as its champions .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
amsterdam , part of amsterdam - centrum , is the home ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) and eberhard van der laan .
amsterdam , part of amsterdam - noord , is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) and the leader is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for both jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages the a . s . roma and plays for both empoli f . c . and udinese calcio .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for the s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and played for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for the s . s . chieti calcio and u . s . castrovillari calcio .
john madin ( born in birmingham ) was the architect of 103 colmore row located in colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , located in the united states , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , which is a part of dupage county , illinois and led by rahm emanuel .
located in the united states , george winkler designed the 320 south boston building . the floor count of 320 south boston building is 22 .
the 3arena at north wall quay was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in denmark and has a floor count of 23 .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel . the floor count of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 23 . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was 3xn .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor ' s architect was philip charles hardwick and it was completed in 1862 . adare manor is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall in haputale was finished in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 and has the tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the construction of alan b . miller hall began in 30 march 2007 and the mason school of business is located in the united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 is located in new york city and added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
birmingham was the hometown of john madin who designed 103 colmore row . the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) ) .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . the leader of birmingham is the liberal democrats ) .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia whose leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad and is located in gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland . the key person for marriott international is bill marriott .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
anaheim , california has an utc offset of - - 7 . the area code for anaheim , california is 657 , 714 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch , california is the united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas .
atlanta is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for atlanta is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey ' s largest city is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in united states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital city is olympia , washington .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in madison county , indiana is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . arlington , texas is part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
akron , ohio is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language of the united states is english language .
the runway name of aarhus airport ( named 10r / 28l ) is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh and has the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . united states air force aircraft fighter is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada . united states air force aircraft fighter is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has an poaceae of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered in the jinnah international airport .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in texas with a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and has the four world trade center as its headquarter .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes in spain . the leader of san sebastian de los reyes is the people ' s party ( spain ) ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania in the united states . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir , turkey where the capital is ankara . turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and banana leaf , javanese cuisine .
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and belongs to the family of solanaceae . arrabbiata sauce includes tomato .
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital city is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . malaysia has an ethnic group of malaysian chinese .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich and lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
a bacon sandwich includes bread and is a variation of the blt which itself is itself of the club sandwich .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from new york in france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
baked alaska , which contains christmas pudding , comes from new york , united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . a variation of dessert is cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it comes from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia .
bandeja paisa , which contains avocado , comes from the paisa region and is colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa , which has hogao in it , is from the paisa region and is colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodle , it comes from the philippines .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it comes from the philippines .
beef kway teow is a dish of nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore where the leader is tony tan .
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from singapore in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . a variation of dessert is cookie .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago . a variation of dessert is cookie .
binignit is a dessert that has taro as an ingredient . a variation of dessert is cookie .
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato are of the order solanales .
bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient and comes from mexico .
bionico contains raisin and comes from guadalajara in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital city is rome .
batchoy comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak arabic .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where the leader is tony tan and english language spoken .
amatriciana sauce includes tomato which comes from the solanaceae family and the order solanales .
awh engineering college is in kerala in india . awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore .
the awh engineering college in kerala is led by kochi and has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania is one of the ethnic groups .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc . bananaman last aired on april 15th , 1986 .
big hero 6 ( film ) distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which stars scott adsit . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , also known as mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham and has a floor count of 23 . 103 colmore row began in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
south africa ' s ethnic group are the coloured and the asian south africans . 11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town .
cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio in the united states . 200 public square is located in cleveland which is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor count of 12 . 250 delaware avenue cost 110 million ( dollars ) and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago which is part of cook county , illinois . the leader of chicago , united states , is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle in illinois was finished in 2009 . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 60 .
dublin is part of leinster in the republic of ireland . 3arena in dublin is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in copenhagen and has a floor count of 23 . 3xn was the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . the government of county limerick is the limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the filipinos in japan are the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita and is located in akita prefecture . the akita museum of art is located in japan where the vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and is located in akita , akita . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall is at 101 ukrop way and is located in williamsburg , virginia . alan b . miller hall was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and another leader is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . constructed in 1913 , the asilomar conference grounds are located at pacific grove , california .
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . constructed in 1904 , asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . new york city is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr . .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . birmingham , which has the b postcode area is lead by andrew mitchell .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . birmingham has the b postcode area and the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat where anandiben patel is the leader . amdavad ni gufa is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and narendra modi is the chief of the country .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and is located in akita , akita . akita prefecture is in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united kingdom is london where the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is joe biden . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania in the united states . the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan and the leader is artur rasizade .
the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established july 11th , 1907 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) ) is located in turkey and the leader is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the language of the united states is english language and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . albuquerque , new mexico has a land area of 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas , united states .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . in california the language is the spanish language .
anderson , indiana has an elevation of 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is located in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
the utc offset for antioch , california is - 7 . the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for antioch , california is 925 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , which includes many asian americans . lee county , alabama is located in alabama .
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , in the united states , where african americans is one of the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
pierce county , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington and is part of pierce county , washington .
auburn , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and is part of king county , washington .
the largest city in texas is houston . austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . california uses the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate whose leader is the john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader ' s title is the mayor of albuquerque . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg and is a member of the fsv zwickau club . jens hartel is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin and plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio and his club is f . c . bari 1908 . italy born rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini plays for a . c . chievo verona and plays for torino f . c . . michele marcolini was born in italy and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and play in a epsth 2nd group .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for stockport county f . c . .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader . stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for stockport county f . c . .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and they are based at warton , fylde , lancashire . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and they are based at bryning lane . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and played for maccabi tel aviv f . c . . paulo sousa plays for inter milan and juventus f . c . .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece and has 69618 members . aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . and has the jong ajax tenant .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs and the nickname is joden , godenzonen . afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem . john van den brom plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions are vila nova futebol clube . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , ohio .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . italy ' s leader is sergio mattarella and pietro grasso is the leader .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for fk austria wien . peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker modling .
the runway name of abilene regional airport ( named 17l / 35r ) is 2194 . 0 . with an elevation of 546 meters above sea level , abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adirondack regional airport has an elevation of 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 3500 . 0 .
agra airport ' s iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag . agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force .
the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force .
the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 09r / 27l ) is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol ( named 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' ) is 2014 . 0 . - 3 . 3528 below sea level , amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol ( named 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' ) is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam is served by amsterdam airport schiphol which is - - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . the city of andrews , texas is served by andrews county airport which is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are tejano and the capital city is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language .
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province in angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region . 12 . 0 meters above sea level , antwerp international airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are located in turkmenistan and the headquarter is located in ashgabat . ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport has an elevation of 94 and a runway length of 3800 . 0 . the city of athens is served by athens international airport which is located in spata .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the german language is greek . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
belgium ' s leader is philippe of belgium and the french language is french . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
saranac lake , new york is served by adirondack regional airport and is part of essex county , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
iraq is led by fuad masum and uses the kurdish languages . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and the kurdish languages are greek . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan whose leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana . pakistan is the country of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of commelinids .
bananaman the tv series was shown on the bbc which is headed by bbc radio . the bbc ' s key person is rona fairhead and it is located in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . bananaman was first aired on stv on october 03rd , 1983 .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and puerto ricans . the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and preceded by grantville gazette iii . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california .
1634 : the ram rebellion is 512 pages long and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and was published in e - book .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the president .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . a fortress of grey ice has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in hardcover . a loyal character dancer has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . a loyal character dancer was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics . acta mathematica hungarica has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and the lccn number 83646315 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university affiliated with the association of american universities is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is in ithaca , new york in new york .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in paperback . aenir has a total of 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , johns hopkins university , united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . in the united states the english language is spoken .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . a wizard of mars was published in the united states and was written in the english language .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . in the united states the english language is spoken .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and english language . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alan bean was hired by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space . alan bean is an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 where william anders was a crew member . william anders was born in british hong kong where the representative is chris patten .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and his alma mater was massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
apollo 11 was operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . . buzz aldrin was awarded the 20 .
alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) died in california .
alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california where the senators are dianne feinstein .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . elliot see was an united states citizen who was born in dallas .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . william anders was a fighter pilot and was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the river of india is the ganges .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . .
the director of acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
tennis is one of the sports offered at the acharya institute of technology and the international tennis federation is the governing body . the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia which is part of alba county .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate government .
awh engineering college is in kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi . awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! !
the leader of romania is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
amatriciana sauce has tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil as main ingredients and tomato . amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and pietro grasso is the leader .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region and the leader is the parliament of catalonia . arros negre comes from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is batak .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and comes from malaysia . sumatra has an ethnic group called malays ( ethnic group ) and the minangkabau people .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c . .
a bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and condiment . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is cookie . baked alaska comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and sponge cake as main ingredients . baked alaska is from paris , new york or hong kong , united states .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and meringue as main ingredients . baked alaska is found hong kong and france , united states or china .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and ice cream as main ingredients . baked alaska is from hong kong in the united states .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . bakso is a dish of nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries and comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle and it comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is francois hollande . france ' s leader is gerard larcher and the french language is french .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake . batagor comes from the country of indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork . batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines .
batchoy is a soup dish found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and chicken .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish nationwide in singapore and indonesia and comes from singapore .
the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in the country . beef kway teow comes from singapore and singapore and indonesia .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji , which contains vegetable , can also be known as bhaji , bajji . bhajji come from the karnataka region of india .
bhajji main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and vegetable . bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region .
binignit has sago as main ingredients and sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales .
binignit main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient .
bionico ' s main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert , as is cookie .
bakso contains tapioca and comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet comes from singapore where tony tan is a leader . ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the ilocano people . batchoy comes from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken .
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are zamboangans and the igorot people . batchoy comes from the philippines where one of the languages used is arabic .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
binignit is a dessert , as is sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii and uses the english language .
located in ithaca , new york , cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university affiliated with the association of american universities is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer which is published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . in the united states the english language is spoken .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer which is published in the united states where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . in the united states the english language is spoken .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer and is based in the united states , where asian americans is the ethnic group . in the united states the english language is spoken .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used in great britain . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
above the veil was preceded by aenir and castle ( novel ) . above the veil is followed by into battle ( novel ) and the violet keystone . the into battle ( novel ) is published by australians .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain .
the united states is lead by barack obama and uses the english language , which is also used in great britain . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and comes from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . in the united states the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
potter county , texas is in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . potter county , texas is in texas .
potter county , texas potter county , texas potter county , texas in potter county , texas , the united states , the state of texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana and fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area , california . the leader of antioch , california is california ' s 11th state assembly district . california uses the english language .
atlanta covers 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . the area code for atlanta is 404 . atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
the population density of attica , indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) ) . attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) .
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington king county , washington , united states . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
texas uses the english language . the largest city in williamson county , texas is round rock , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin , texas is part of texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana indiana indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language is english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans .
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . texas is in the united states and is the capital of austin , texas . the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where the largest city is new york city and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are known as americans and the native americans in the united states people .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language .
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , alabama is part of alabama and is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . opelika , alabama is the county seat of lee county , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . new jersey ' s capital is trenton , new jersey and its largest city is newark , new jersey .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property and is in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , united states .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade whose capital is baku and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people .
acharya institute of technology ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader ' s title is monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india . the largest city in india is mumbai .
awh engineering college is in kerala in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai and the river is the ganges . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate to its northeast and mols to its northeast . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . the ground of a . c . lumezzane is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini played for vicenza calcio .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for stockport county f . c . . the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) is a member of the chesterfield f . c . .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . in italy the language spoken is the italian language .
aek athens f . c . ' s home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) ) located in marousi . gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for chelsea f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and the italian language is spoken . italy ' s capital is rome and its leader is pietro grasso .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella where the italian language is used and the capital city is rome . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where italians live .
the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group are malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay .
malaysia ' s leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group in malaysian malay . asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon and sausage . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states .
the leader of the united states is paul ryan and the english language is spoken in the country . bacon explosion comes from the united states where white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup and blt . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom .
france ' s leader is manuel valls and gerard larcher is the spoken french language . baked alaska is from hong kong and is from france .
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa and is part of the rutaceae family and the order rosids . bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department in colombia .
france ' s leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the spoken french language . sponge cake is an ingredient of barny cakes which comes from france .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor and shumai . batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor and siomay . batagor comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india . gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji and has the main ingredient of gram flour , vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the people are called the indian people . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , the inhabitants are called the indian people . two leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert that contains sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey .
spain ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and its ethnic group is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is carles puigdemont .
the leader of italy is matteo renzi and another leader is laura boldrini and italian language spoken in the country . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . the inhabitants of italy are italians and the capital city is rome .
italy is lead by pietro grasso and matteo renzi and uses the italian language . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome .
ayam penyet is a dish nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and can be found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken and ayam penyet .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore ' s leader is tony tan and it uses the english language .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are an ethnic group and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and arabic .
ajoblanco originates from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . ajoblanco originates from andalusia where susana diaz is the leader . in spain the language spoken is the spanish language .
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . the leader of andalusia is susana diaz .
alan bean was a test pilot and was hired by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas . alan bean has retired .
the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , alan shepard , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . alan shepard was born in new hampshire .
william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and has frank borman as the commander . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong .
buzz aldrin was an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and was part of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and was part of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and his alma mater was massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz aldrin has retired .
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and has william anders as the backup pilot . buzz aldrin has retired and was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
apollo 11 was operated by nasa and the backup pilot was william anders . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 .
alan shepard died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the benitoite is from . alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
alan shepard is an united states citizen born in new hampshire . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , alan shepard , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
william anders was a fighter pilot . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and the faroese language is greek .
at an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport ( named 14l / 32r ) is 4100 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . 167 . 94 is located at agra airport and the icao location identifier is viag . agra airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and the icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and the icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii aircraft aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom . the united states air force ' s attack aircraft is the lockheed ac - 130 and the transport aircraft is the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
88 . 0 is located at alderney airport and serves alderney and its 1st runway has an poaceae . the runway name of alderney airport ( named 08 / 26 ) is 733 . 0 .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 3310 . 0 .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18r / 36l ) is 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
with an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , alpena county regional airport has the runway name 7 / 25 and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and has a runway called 1 / 19 that is 2744 . 0 meters long . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which has the runway name 05l / 23r and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 metres . angola international airport has an elevation of 159 metres above sea level and is located in icolo e bengo .
greece ' s leader is alexis tsipras and another leader is nikos voutsis . the city of athens is served by athens international airport and is located in greece .
greece is lead by alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos and uses the greek language . the city of athens is served by athens international airport and is located in greece .
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is in new jersey . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the leader of belgium is charles michel and philippe of belgium is the capital city . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is in atlantic county , new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york .
saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and awadh . the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is the aircraft helicopter .
the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is the aircraft helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
iraq is lead by haider al - abadi and fuad masum and arabic . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states .
250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) ) and a floor count of 12 . 250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has the postmodern architecture .
the leader of chicago , united states , is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago which is part of illinois . the capital of illinois is springfield , illinois .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and the faroese language is greek .
marriott international ' s key person is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c . . marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in denmark . denmark language is greenlandic language .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its greenlandic language is greek .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . adare manor is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 m metres and its floor area is 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) ) . construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita , japan . the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and has a floor count of 3 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . japan ' s leader ' s name is taro aso and its ethnic group is chinese people in japan .
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is located in virginia and owned by the college of william & mary . the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . ahmedabad is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka in sri lanka . the governing body of the eastern province , sri lanka is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building and the hearst castle .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
new york city is part of manhattan in the united states . asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of new netherland . manhattan ' s leader is cyrus vance , jr . .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and the birmingham city council . john madin was born in birmingham and is the architect of 103 colmore row .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama along with john roberts . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is located at seminary ridge . the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania in the united states .
adams county , pennsylvania has franklin county , pennsylvania to its west and carroll county , maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established july 11th , 1907 ) is categorised as a historic districts in the united states . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in maryland in the united states .
alan bean was an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . alan bean is a test pilot and has since retired . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , alan shepard , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . alan shepard died in california .
apollo 12 was operated by nasa and has the commander david scott and the backup pilot of alfred worden . alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 and was born on alan lavern bean . alan bean retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and has william anders as the backup pilot . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey . apollo 11 backup pilot william anders .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
alan shepard died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the benitoite is from . alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . smilodon is a fossil from california .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and served as a fighter pilot before being part of apollo 8 . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders has retired . william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio ' s dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 .
the leader of denmark is monarchy of denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is church of denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . india ' s largest city is mumbai and the river is the ganges . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania is one of the ethnic groups . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! ! romania ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the capital of turkey is ankara where the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the inauguration date of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze , is july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) ) is located in turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze , was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 27th , 1932 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir , turkey where the capital is ankara . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the capital of turkey is ankara where the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) in turkey was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and it has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor of switzerland . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . accademia di architettura di mendrisio ' s dean is mario botta . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the acharya institute of technology ( abbreviated to nurturing excellence ) was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to the west . the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as governed by the international tennis federation . acharya institute of technology was awarded the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
the leader of romania is prime minister of romania klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! ! the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated to european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader ' s title is monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the government of aarhus is magistrate . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . the latin name for the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which is affiliated with the european university association , is ` ` universitas aarhusiensis ' ' . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark .
alan bean was an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . alan bean was a test pilot . alan bean graduated from ut austin , b . s . 1955 with a b . s .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . alan shepard , now deceased , died in california . alan shepard graduated from nwc , m . a . 1957 . alan shepard was a test pilot and was hired by nasa in 1959 .
apollo 12 was operated by nasa and has the commander david scott and the backup pilot of alfred worden . alan bean is an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas . alan bean was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and edwin e . aldrin , jr . was born on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin was a student at massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was hired by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and was part of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . buzz aldrin was awarded the 20 . buzz aldrin has retired .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin has retired .
buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin has retired . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . apollo 11 backup pilot william anders . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
william anders was an united states citizen born in british hong kong on october october 17th , 1933 . william anders , retired , retired on september 01st , 1969 . william anders was a fighter pilot .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 . apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin and frank borman .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 and spent 8820 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space . william anders was born in british hong kong on october october 17th , 1933 .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
the president of abdul rahman ya ' kub is tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is in parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was founded by january 03rd , 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
the residence of adam holloway is gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is located in antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis has a as as deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was built in june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was built in 1935 .
albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) .
albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was built in march 04th , 1875 .
alfred moore scales is in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips has a as as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was built in january 21st , 1947 .
allan shivers is united states army .
allan shivers is price daniel .
alvah sabin was built in march 04th , 1853 .
alvah sabin is in whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee .
the language of austria is austrian german .
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
the commander of gulf war is colin powell .
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco .
juan peron is in labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
united states army is in spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name for 1955 dodge is dodge coronet .
1955 dodge is 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna was founded by april 07th , 2005 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was founded by march 16th , 2013 .
aidastella was completed in march 11th , 2013 .
aidastella is march 17th , 2013 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 is mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the alternative name for amc matador is american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is a sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight - four engine .
acura tlx is honda k engine .
acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is related to honda accord .
acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 is arese .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra is samuda brothers .
alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is a wrecked .
alhambra is 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 is straight - six engine .
alvis speed 25 was built in 1937 .
american submarine nr - 1 is 4 . 6 m .
antares ( rocket ) is october 28th , 2014 .
antares ( rocket ) is mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 is guiana space centre .
ariane 5 is august 11th , 2005 .
aston martin v8 has a body style of convertible .
aston martin v8 is aston martin .
aston martin virage is aston martin .
atlas ii is march 16th , 1998 .
atlas ii is vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 is audi brussels .
audi a1 is related to seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom is related to chrysler newport .
fiat croma is related to alfa romeo 164 .
the people of germany are germans .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in kourou , french guiana .
honda k engine is honda .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
the former former team of akeem dent is atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc position is qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in september 02nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is in the youthclub youthclub youthclub .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is located in atlanta .
the manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is a dish from hungary .
canada was written in the english language .
the language of canada is slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is located in columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language of finland is finnish language .
italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
the ground of motherwell f . c . is located in fir park .
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is located in st . louis .
tennessee titans is located in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was built in 1998 .
aaron deer is artist .
aaron deer is kill rock stars .
aaron turner is in avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is in progressive metal .
abradab is solo singer .
abradab was born in november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is in hip hop music .
agustin barboza is in guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is in rock music .
albennie jones is artist .
aleksandra kovac is solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is in rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in soul music .
alex day is in synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa is artist .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is rca records .
alison o ' donnell was built in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in jazz .
alison o ' donnell is voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born in february 04th , 1981 .
allen forrest is in pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne is artist .
anders osborne is in rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was built in 2009 .
andrew rayel is artist .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) is artist .
andrew white ( musician ) is b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns is guitar .
hip hop music is gangsta rap .
hip hop music origin is funk .
indie rock origin is new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records is sony music entertainment .
rock and roll origin is blues .
synthpop origin is pop music .
the inhabitants of the united kingdom are called british people .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
( 29075 ) 1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is november 04th , 2013 .
1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
1001 gaussia is a 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) maximum .
101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is december 31st , 2006 .
101 helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
103 hera is 7 . 66 .
103 hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
107 camilla is a . storrs .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1097 vicia is december 31st , 2006 .
1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas is christian heinrich friedrich peters .
109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia is december 31st , 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone is located in 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud is an abdul rahman ya ' kub successor dish .
abdul taib mahmud is in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and his alma mater was technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar is al - amin daggash and the office is called chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 and is successor .
abdulsalami abubakar is an olusegun obasanjo successor office .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . abner w . sibal is in world war ii .
abner w . sibal is an united states army military national .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent . the residence of adam holloway is gravesend .
adam koc won virtuti militari . adam koc is in world war i .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece .
agnes kant , at parliamentary group leader , was born on hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , unit , was created by military cross .
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in battle of france .
the commander of battle of france is hugo sperrle . airey neave is in battle of france .
airey neave is in world war ii . airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave is in world war ii . the commander of world war ii is franklin d . roosevelt .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . airey neave is in world war ii .
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert b . white is politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain , which has the president edmund j . davis , died on new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire , which has the office provisional president of the argentine senate , is owned by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alfred moore scales is james w . reid ( politician ) and the office is called governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales is a successor national whose alma mater is princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , at the united states house of representatives , was born on connecticut .
alfred n . phillips is an united states army military national .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . allan shivers is in world war ii .
allan shivers , at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , was born on lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , which has the office member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is owned by ben ramsey .
alvah sabin , at secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23rd , 1793 .
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states .
aaron boogaard plays for wichita thunder . aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan .
the first club abel hernandez played for penarol is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for penarol and u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and his club is netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
the first club akeem adams played for ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , whose former team are new england patriots , is voiced by draft .
akeem ayers , whose former team are tennessee titans , is voiced by draft .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and rops .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club . the ground of al - khor sports club is located in al khor .
the first club alaa abdul - zahra played for al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . the ground of hamilton academical f . c . is located in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in september 02nd , 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the first club aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk , who play in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 and was born in manitoba .
alex tyus was born in january 08th , 1988 . alex tyus plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada .
the anthem of canada is o canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
canada was written in the english language . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
the first club aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops , who play in veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is an guitar instrument genre .
aaron deer is an indiana of indiana and the united states .
aaron turner is artist and is made with electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is an singing instrument genre .
abradab is a musical associated with musical .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland . abradab was born in katowice .
ace wilder is in hip hop music . hip hop music origin is disco .
ace wilder , background , is record .
agustin barboza , record , was born in paraguay .
alan frew is in rock music . rock music is made with bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew is in rock music . rock music origin is country music .
albennie jones is in jazz . jazz origin is blues .
aleksandra kovac is an solo singer background genre .
aleksandra kovac is in rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues origin is blues .
aleksandra kovac was built in 1990 and is made with soul music .
alex day is in synthpop . synthpop origin is new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 and was born in england .
alfredo zitarrosa is an solo singer background genre .
alfredo zitarrosa is an solo singer background genre .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died on montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died on uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is an solo singer background genre .
alison o ' donnell is a musical associated with musical .
alison o ' donnell is an floating world records record genre .
alison o ' donnell is an voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp instrument genre .
allen forrest is an solo singer background genre .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock . alternative rock is christian alternative rock .
anders osborne is a musical associated with musical .
anders osborne is an rabadash records record genre .
anders osborne is an shanachie records record genre .
andra ( singer ) , constructed in 2000 , is in pop music .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues origin is blues .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock . alternative rock origin is new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music . country music is banjo .
andrew white ( musician ) is an polydor records record location .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , escape , is apoapsis .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , apoapsis , is minimum .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , periapsis , is discoverer .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , escape , is epoch .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , epoch , is orbital .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , epoch , is rotation .
101 helena is an james craig watson discoverer national .
1036 ganymed is an 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) apoapsis average .
1036 ganymed discoverer was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer national .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer national .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer national .
107 camilla discoverer was born in nottingham .
1089 tama is november 26th , 2005 and the former name is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama , apoapsis , is located at 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
1097 vicia , periapsis , is epoch .
109 felicitas , apoapsis , is located at 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas , periapsis , is epoch .
109 felicitas , rotation , is epoch .
10 hygiea is located in 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and is apoapsis .
10 hygiea is june 27th , 2015 and the former name is a900 ga .
110 lydia , epoch , is mass .
110 lydia , epoch , is orbital .
a - rosa luna is a class of cruise ship and it ' s length is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
a - rosa luna , which has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was ship .
aida cruises is located in germany . aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna , speed , is 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aidastella was founded by march 16th , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 is a diesel - electric transmission builder .
alv x - 1 , diameter , is rocket .
amc matador , model , is assembly .
richard a . teague is an designer of chrysler and is the designer of amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) has a length of 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) and comes from argentina .
alfa romeo 164 , assembly , was related to saab 9000 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and italy .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema and italy .
alvis speed 25 is an alvis car and engineering company museum located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , transmission , is engine .
alvis speed 25 , engine , is transmission .
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer national .
antares ( rocket ) , maiden , is launch .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is a dish from argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 , launch , is manufacturer .
ariane 5 is an airbus defence and space manufacturer parent company .
aston martin v8 is the united kingdom and is related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , successor , is manufacturer .
aston martin v8 is related to aston martin dbs and aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is an aston martin virage successor national .
atlas ii , diameter , is final .
atlas ii , launch , is manufacturer .
audi a1 is an audi manufacturer division .
audi a1 is an audi manufacturer subsidiary .
audi a1 is an audi manufacturer subsidiary .
aidaluna is a caterpillar inc . publication whose key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is an delta ii comparable site .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is an finland builder leader .
american submarine nr - 1 is an general dynamics electric boat builder parent company .
a - rosa luna is a type of mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
aston martin v8 is the united kingdom is led by elizabeth ii .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
ab klink , which is in christian democratic appeal , was born in netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam .
stephen yong kuet tze is the has abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is in barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state and graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
nigerian air force is the military military . the president of olusegun obasanjo is atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army . atiku abubakar is the president of olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero , at member of the congress of deputies , was born on ponteareas . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abner w . sibal is an united states army military battles . the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal , at member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district , is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in ridgewood , queens .
adam holloway is an grenadier guards military battles . the commander of gulf war is george h . w . bush .
adam holloway , a dish from the conservative party ( uk ) , was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland . adam koc is in polish - soviet war . the commander of polish - soviet war is leon trotsky .
polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war and the commander is leon trotsky . adam koc is in polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at minister for health , was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece .
antonis samaras is the office of adonis georgiadis . new democracy ( greece ) is nicknamed blue .
agnes kant , which has a ) called house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is a leader of netherlands whose leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a party in socialist party ( netherlands ) and netherlands is the leader of that country .
agnes kant , at member of the house of representatives , was born on west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave , who was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was developed by end , was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was founded by march 30th , 1979 and was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in world war ii .
albert b . white died in 1941 on july 03rd , 1941 of september 22nd , 1856 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . william m . o . dawson is the successor successor .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york .
buenos aires ' s governing body is buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire is an rear admiral profession astronaut and was born on mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on graz . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol .
alfred n . phillips , which has the office member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is operated by albert e . austin and was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips , which has the office member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is operated by albert e . austin and was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers , which is in the democratic party ( united states ) party , is successor in at the office .
alvah sabin was founded in march 03rd , 1857 and is made of vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin was born in october 23rd , 1793 . henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln . albert jennings fountain was born in the united states . albert jennings fountain is in american civil war .
alfred moore scales is in battle of fredericksburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol .
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach died in styria .
battle of salem church is part of american civil war and the commander is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of salem church .
ab klink ' s nationality is netherlands and he was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
the language spoken in poland is polish language . adam koc is an poland . the ethnic group of poland is kashubians .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is a 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) escape and was created by 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is a 88234300000 . 0 orbital and was created by spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , apoapsis , is minimum and was created by 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , average 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) , has a density of 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) and was created by 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
1000 piazzia is a 488160 . 0 epoch and periapsis .
1001 gaussia , periapsis , is epoch and the former name is 1923 oaa907 xc .
101 helena is a 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) mass and escape is escape .
1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer national . walter baade graduated from university of gottingen .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . august 27th , 2011 is the epoch epoch .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer who died on peritonitis .
103 hera is a 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) orbital and was created by august 27th , 2011 .
103 hera , apoapsis , is located at 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) and was escape .
107 camilla was an n . r . pogson national of england , born on nottingham .
1089 tama , period , epoch , is the former name of the former name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1089 tama is a 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) periapsis and november 26th , 2005 .
1097 vicia , epoch , is periapsis and the former name is 1928 pc .
109 felicitas is a december 31st , 2006 orbital and was created by 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) .
109 felicitas is a 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) orbital and was created by december 31st , 2006 .
10 hygiea , average 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) , orbital , is apoapsis .
10 hygiea , apoapsis , average 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is made with 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) .
10 hygiea is located in 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and is made with 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) and 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
110 lydia is a december 31st , 2006 mass and 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia is a 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) epoch and 377016000000 . 0 .
kids imagine nation is the associated associated with aaron bertram . suburban legends is in pop music .
aaron deer is a indiana of indiana in the united states and is voiced by indie rock .
aaron deer is the united states origin of indiana and is voiced by psychedelia .
aaron turner , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by black metal .
aaron turner , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by drone music .
aaron turner , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by ambient music .
aaron turner is an electric guitar instrument genre . black metal is made with death metal .
aaron turner is an singing instrument genre . black metal is made with death metal .
abradab , artist , associated with musical , was born on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab , artist , is associated with musical and katowice .
hip hop music , stylistic , is stylistic . ace wilder is in hip hop music .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay where the leader is juan afara . agustin barboza was born in asuncion .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a singing associated with musical and is voiced by rock music .
rock music , stylistic , is music . alan frew is in rock music .
jazz , stylistic , is music . albennie jones is in jazz .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . albennie jones is in rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues is disco .
aleksandra kovac , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by pop music .
aleksandra kovac , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by pop music .
aleksandra kovac , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by rhythm and blues .
synthpop , stylistic , is stylistic . alex day is in synthpop .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died on sidcup . alfred garth jones was born in manchester .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom citizen born in england . alfred garth jones died in london .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom citizen born in manchester . alfred garth jones died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones died in london whose leader is boris johnson . alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alison o ' donnell , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by folk music .
alison o ' donnell is an voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp instrument genre . jazz is funk .
alison o ' donnell is an static caravan recordings record genre . jazz is funk .
allen forrest is solo singer and was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is in pop music .
allen forrest is solo singer and was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is in rhythm and blues .
alternative rock is a nu metal stylistic . andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock .
anders osborne , artist , is associated with musical and the associated associated with billy iuso .
anders osborne is an rabadash records record genre . rock music is made with bhangra ( music ) .
andra ( singer ) , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is an solo singer background genre . rhythm and blues is disco .
andrew rayel , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by trance music .
andrew rayel , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by trance music .
christian burns is in house music . jwaydan moyine is the associated associated with andrew rayel .
andrew white ( musician ) , associated with marry banilow , is the record record .
aaron bertram is artist and is made with ska punk . ska punk origin is ska .
albennie jones was born in the united states . albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
1955 dodge , v8 engine , transmission , is known as dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna , which is in cruise ship , is ship and has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
a - rosa luna , which has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was ship and was created by 24 . 0 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in germany .
aidastella , which has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is made with service and was broadcast by march 16th , 2013 .
the length of the length of alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and builder is the builder .
alco rs - 3 is a american locomotive company engine and has the length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the length of alco rs - 3 ' s length . american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is in the united states where the natives are the americans and the african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alv x - 1 is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
alv x - 1 , launches , rocket was created by 1 . 524 ( metres ) .
abarth 1000 gt coupe was founded in 1958 and has the body of coupe and was created by straight - four engine .
the body of abarth 1000 gt coupe , which has the body two door coupe , is 1 . 55 and was created by 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is a arctech helsinki shipyard ship and was created by helsinki .
fiat croma is related to alfa romeo 164 . the capital of italy is rome .
lancia thema is related to alfa romeo 164 . the capital of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , assembly , was related to transportation and fiat croma .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to fiat croma , was related to saab 9000 .
alhambra is a 8 . 3 m ship and has the length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alhambra is a may 31st , 1855 ship and is now wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry . petrol is the engine engine .
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer fate and roy d . chapin , jr . .
delta ii is in the united states . yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer manufacturer .
antares ( rocket ) is a yuzhnoye design office function and launch is launch .
ariane 5 is arianespace . guiana space centre is the site of ela - 3 .
aston martin v8 , assembly , is related to aston martin dbs and 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
aston martin v8 , engine , was related to transportation and is served by the united kingdom .
atlas ii , launch , united states , is launch .
atlas ii is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
atlas ii , launch , launch , united states .
audi a1 is a audi brussels engine and has the body hatchback .
audi a1 , manufacturer , was related to transportation and seat ibiza .
aidaluna is a type of caterpillar inc . which is located in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california .
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna . caterpillar inc . is located in illinois .
aidastella operated by aida cruises is owned by costa crociere which is located at genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is an delta ii comparable , united states .
the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in french guiana . ariane 5 is ela - 3 .
guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana . ariane 5 is ela - 3 .
a - rosa luna is an neptun werft club which is located in germany and is located in rostock .
atlas ii is in the united states where the natives are the americans and the african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron hunt is a youthclub and plays for sv werder bremen and vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii . dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez is a youthclub and plays for u . s . citta di palermo and hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez is a youthclub and plays for penarol and u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar . adam maher was born in netherlands .
akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . and united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco .
the former former team of akeem ayers is los angeles rams and draft is the pick .
the former former team of akeem ayers is st . louis rams and draft is the pick .
akeem dent , debut , was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for iraq national under - 20 football team and shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and al kharaitiyat sc . the ground of al kharaitiyat sc is located in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . . the ground of accrington stanley f . c . is located in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd , 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . , draft , was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd , 1995 .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia whose leader is vladimir putin . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar . aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and russia national football b team . aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and azal pfk . the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for us lesquin and olympique lyonnais . the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 16 football team and a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for italy national under - 16 football team . italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and italy national under - 17 football team . alessio romagnoli was born in italy .
the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba .
the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante was born in canada . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus play in euroleague . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc tom tomsk . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc spartak moscow and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow where the leader is sergey sobyanin . aleksandr chumakov died in russia .
abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla and brazil national under - 20 football team . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla and c . d . fas . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
alex tyus was born in st . louis ( part of greater st . louis ) and the leader is francis g . slay .
tennessee titans is located in nashville , tennessee . new england patriots is the former team of akeem ayers .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and sv werder bremen . alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who are in the 3 . liga league .
abel hernandez is in central espanol and plays for penarol . the first club abel hernandez played for hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol .
abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo who play in serie a .
1986 was born in adam mcquaid and is weight . adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12th , 1986 .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins , where the first club are adam mcquaid . columbus blue jackets is located in columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers , debut , was born on 1989 . st . louis rams is the former team of akeem ayers , who was born on july 10th , 1989 .
houston texans is the former team of akeem dent , who was born in 1987 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
houston texans is the former team of akeem dent , debut . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and al - zawra ' a sc . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under - 23 football team . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni and fc karpaty lviv . the height of aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
alex plante was born in canada on may 09th , 1989 . 1989 was born in alex plante and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada . 1989 was born in alex plante and is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . canada ' s leader is elizabeth ii and its language is inuktitut . the anthem of canada is o canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii . canada , whose anthem is o canada , are home to asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . canada ' s leader is elizabeth ii and its language is slavey language . the anthem of canada is o canada .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . the chairman of fc torpedo moscow is aleksandr tukmanov .
houston texans in texas is located in houston . atlanta falcons is the debut debut .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division . abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
6155910000000 . 0 is periapsis ' s periapsis orbital . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , apoapsis , is epoch .
november 04th , 2013 is epoch ' s epoch escape . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , apoapsis , is orbital .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , orbital , is epoch . 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) is apoapsis ' s apoapsis mean .
488160 . 0 is orbital ' s orbital periapsis . 1000 piazzia , escape , is epoch .
1001 gaussia is sergey belyavsky and the former name is 1923 oaa907 xc . 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) is periapsis ' s periapsis epoch .
walter baade , discoverer , has university of gottingen for an alma mater . walter baade ' s doctoral student is allan sandage and he was born in german empire .
walter baade ' s doctoral student is halton arp and he was born in preussisch oldendorf . walter baade , discoverer , has university of gottingen for an alma mater .
halton arp is the doctoral student of walter baade , which has university of gottingen for an alma mater . 1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer national .
james craig watson , discoverer , has university of michigan for an alma mater . james craig watson , peritonitis , died on madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and he died on madison , wisconsin . 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the apoapsis apoapsis .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer national . peritonitis was an cause winner of madison , wisconsin .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died on chennai . 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the periapsis periapsis .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died on chennai . march 01st , 2001 is the discovered discovered .
1202 . 846 ( days ) is the orbital is the former name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama , epoch , is periapsis .
1089 tama , orbital , is apoapsis . november 26th , 2005 is epoch ' s epoch escape .
1097 vicia , orbital , is epoch . 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is apoapsis ' s apoapsis mass .
109 felicitas , escape , is orbital . december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch periapsis .
416136000000 . 0 is the periapsis name of a900 ga . 10 hygiea , orbital , is epoch .
1101 clematis , escape , is epoch . 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is apoapsis ' s apoapsis orbital .
1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 and the former name is 1928 sj . 183309000 . 0 is orbital ' s orbital epoch .
december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch escape . 1101 clematis , periapsis , is orbital .
1955 dodge , engine , is transmission . 120 . 0 ( inches ) is wheelbase ' s wheelbase manufacturer .
desoto firedome is successor ' s successor manufacturer . 1955 dodge is related to desoto custom .
published by meyer werft , aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidastella , which has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is owned by costa crociere . meyer werft is the builder , which is operated by aida cruises .
alco rs - 3 is a diesel - electric transmission builder . v12 engine is the engine , which was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 .
alco rs - 3 was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 and is builder . 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the length of the length of alco rs - 3 and v12 engine is the engine .
the united states is the location of american locomotive company which was founded by schenectady , new york . 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the length of alco rs - 3 ' s length .
alco rs - 3 , builder , is power . v12 engine is the engine , which was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 .
alco rs - 3 is a 12 publication builder . four - stroke engine is the engine , which was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 .
amc matador is mexico city and also known as american motors matador . amc v8 engine is the engine style of station wagon .
amc matador is amc straight - 6 engine and is in mid - size car . kenosha , wisconsin is the assembly name of vam classic .
acura tlx is marysville , ohio and is in mid - size car . front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive is layout ' s layout engine .
acura tlx is marysville auto plant and is in luxury vehicle . v6 engine is engine ' s engine layout .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , builder , is ship . arctech helsinki shipyard is builder ' s builder builder .
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the people are called finns . helsinki is the builder builder .
helsinki is builder ' s builder builder . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , builder , is ship .
published in italy , alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema . alfa romeo 164 , engine , was related to saab 9000 .
published in italy , alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 , engine , was related to saab 9000 .
alhambra is 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is available in wrecked . may 31st , 1855 is ship ' s ship ship .
rover company is the successor , which was founded by coventry . petrol is the engine engine .
rover company is the successor , which was founded by coventry . straight - six engine is the engine engine .
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer national . chrysler is the fate person with roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 , builder , is ship . 8 . 334 is top ' s top ship .
january 25th , 1969 is ship ' s ship top . american submarine nr - 1 , which has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was ship .
october 28th , 2014 is final ' s final maiden . antares ( rocket ) , launch , is manufacturer .
antares ( rocket ) , maiden , is final . yuzhnoye design office is manufacturer ' s manufacturer launch .
aston martin is the manufacturer manufacturer manufacturer is spoken . the capital of the united kingdom is london .
aston martin v8 is the united kingdom and is engine . aston martin dbs is related to aston martin v8 which is related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin dbs is related to aston martin v8 which is engine . aston martin is the manufacturer manufacturer .
atlas ii , diameter , is final . vandenberg air force base is launch ' s launch launch .
audi a1 is front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout and is in supermini . audi brussels is assembly ' s assembly engine .
audi is the manufacturer division of audi e - tron . audi is a subsidiary of ducati and was founded by august horch .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois . aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa . meyer werft is the builder , which is operated by aida cruises .
cape canaveral air force station is the launch launch is used in the united states . mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch launch .
delta ii , which is in the united states , is comparable . delta ii , launch , is launch .
located in italy , alfa romeo 164 has the body style sedan ( automobile ) . opel vectra is related to fiat croma .
milan is the assembly style of sedan ( automobile ) . opel vectra is related to fiat croma .
the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut . 3 . 8 m is the ship ship .
neptun werft , a - rosa luna , is located in rostock . rostock is a dish from germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . the united states is home to atlas ii and african americans .
the united states is the country of atlas ii and the capital is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans .
kids imagine nation is the associated of aaron bertram , ska punk . brian robertson ( trombonist ) is the member of suburban legends ' s member .
aaron deer is a origin of indianapolis and is origin in indiana . solo singer is the background genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is artist and is made with electroacoustic music . singing is the instrument associated with sumac ( band ) .
old man gloom is associated with aaron turner which was built in 1995 . aaron turner is artist and is made with post - metal .
aaron turner is a sumac ( band ) instrument and black metal . death metal is the genre of black metal .
solo singer is the background birth year 1982 . ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23rd , 1982 .
1982 was born in ace wilder and is background . ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23rd , 1982 .
ace wilder is an solo singer background occupation . 1982 was born in ace wilder and was born on stockholm .
ace wilder was born in 1982 and was born in sweden . solo singer is the background occupation of songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is a origin of washington , d . c . and background . the united states ahmet ertegun is the genre of rhythm and blues .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . ahmet ertegun is in rock and roll . blues is the stylistic stylistic .
disco is derivative ' s derivative stylistic . albennie jones is a end publication which is voiced by rhythm and blues .
albennie jones was born in the united states . blues is the stylistic stylistic . albennie jones is in jazz . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
solo singer is background ' s birth place , he was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 and is owned by pop music .
aleksandra kovac is solo singer and was born in socialist republic of serbia . 1972 was born in aleksandra kovac and is in rhythm and blues .
chameleon circuit ( band ) is the associated of alex day , associated with charlie mcdonnell . alex day was built in 2006 and is made with acoustic music .
charlie mcdonnell is associated with alex day which was built in 2006 . alex day is artist and is made with electronic music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . 1872 was born in alfred garth jones and was born in england .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo whose leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) . montevideo is a dish from uruguay where the people are uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , record , was born in uruguay . solo singer is the background genre of candombe .
alison o ' donnell is artist and is made with folk music . 1963 was begun in alison o ' donnell which was founded by bajik .
alison o ' donnell was built in 1963 and is made with folk music . mellow candle is the associated of alison o ' donnell , associated with head south by weaving .
floating world records is the record genre of jazz . deram records is located in london .
fruits de mer records is the record genre of jazz . deram records is located in london .
1981 was born in allen forrest and was born on fort campbell . allen forrest is an solo singer background genre .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . solo singer is the background genre of hip hop music .
alternative rock , stylistic , is music . marry banilow is the associated of andrew white ( musician ) , alternative rock .
anders osborne is a musical associated with musical . tab benoit is the associated of anders osborne , rock music .
alligator records is located in chicago . shanachie records is the record record . alligator records is in blues .
andra ( singer ) ( born in romania ) was born on singing . solo singer is the background genre of dance - pop .
published by blues , rhythm and blues is derivative and is derivative . andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues .
christian burns is the associated of andrew rayel , trance music . andrew rayel was built in 2009 and was associated by jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by trance music . house music is the stylistic stylistic .
andrew white ( musician ) is artist and is made with alternative rock . kaiser chiefs is associated with andrew white ( musician ) which was built in 2003 .
marry banilow is the associated of andrew white ( musician ) , record . andrew white ( musician ) , musical , was developed by 2003 .
agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion . agustin barboza died in paraguay whose leader is juan afara .
the wildweeds is the associated al anderson ( nrbq band ) , associated with musical and country music . country music is banjo .
drum and bass is the derivative origin , stylistic , stylistic . allen forrest is in hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester which is part of greater manchester . the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) .
aaron turner , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by post - metal . cello is the instrument instrument .
death metal is the genre of black metal . twilight ( band ) is in black metal . electric guitar is the instrument instrument .
albennie jones was born in the united states . blues is the stylistic stylistic . albennie jones is in rhythm and blues . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
aaron s . daggett is in american civil war . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of the wilderness . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) is the office of ab klink , which was born on netherlands . ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in miri , malaysia . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is kuching .
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak .
barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe , successor . nigerian army is the military military .
nigerian air force is military ' s military successor . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe .
felipe gonzalez is an office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) . francisco franco is the predecessor juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . minister of transport is the office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) .
casey ribicoff is the spouse united states who was born in the united states . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge . may 05th , 2005 was begun in adam holloway and it ' s battles is gulf war .
adam koc is in polish - soviet war . adam koc is an poland . the language spoken in poland is polish language . the commander of polish - soviet war is joseph stalin .
adam koc died in new york city . russian civil war is part of polish - soviet war where the commander is joseph stalin . adam koc is in polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , at vice - president of new democracy , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis successor was born in athens . member of the hellenic parliament is the office of adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece .
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office for agnes kant which is a member of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer .
red is the colour is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands .
march 30th , 1979 was the tv to airey neave , who was born on knightsbridge , london . airey neave was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was built in battle of france .
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was born on knightsbridge , london . march 30th , 1979 is the architect of airey neave which is a battle of france .
the commander of world war ii is chiang kai - shek . hohne is the garrison garrison . airey neave is in world war ii .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died on parkersburg , west virginia . bloomington , maryland was born in william m . o . dawson .
march 04th , 1901 was begun for albert b . white and was born in cleveland . albert b . white was founded by march 04th , 1905 and is successor .
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york is the french language . the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
justicialist party is the party party of alberto teisaire which has juan peron as its president . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires whose leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire is rear admiral and the office is called provisional president of the argentine senate .
governor of north carolina is the office of alfred moore scales , which was born on reidsville , north carolina . alfred moore scales is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party and successor .
member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district is the office of alfred n . phillips , which was born on connecticut . united states army is in whiskey rebellion .
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party .
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in mayor of stamford , connecticut , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party .
allan shivers is price daniel and was born in lufkin , texas . governor of texas is the office for allan shivers , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party .
allan shivers is wilfred r . cousins , jr . and was born in lufkin , texas . the democratic party ( united states ) is the home party of allan shivers which has the office in governor of texas .
secretary of state of vermont is the office of alvah sabin , vermont , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is a dish from vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
in argentina . the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron .
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron .
published by meyer werft , aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in germany . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & plc .
aidastella is a meyer werft top and operated by aida cruises . 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) is the length of the length of aidastella which is ship .
alco rs - 3 , builder , was build by may 1950 - august 1956 and has the length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . four - stroke engine is engine ' s engine cylinder .
american locomotive company is the builder count of 12 and v12 engine . alco rs - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , was created by may 1950 - august 1956 .
the united states , which is home to alv x - 1 , is the capital of washington , d . c . and has the abbreviated anthem the star - spangled banner . the people of the united states are known as americans and the native americans in the united states people .
thames , new zealand is the assembly style of station wagon , mid - size car . amc matador is amc v8 engine and also known as american motors matador .
published by humphrys , tennant and dykes , alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) which is located in london . alhambra , builder , is ship .
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer successor and wheel horse . chrysler is the fate person with roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 is a 4 . 6 m top and has the length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . 3 . 8 m is ship ' s ship ship .
antares ( rocket ) is mid - atlantic regional spaceport . mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch launch launch . the united states is the country of delta ii .
published by october 28th , 2014 , antares ( rocket ) is manufacturer , launch . antares ( rocket ) , diameter , is final .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer flight flight , maiden , final . antares ( rocket ) , launch , is diameter .
published by guiana space centre , ariane 5 is final and is diameter . ariane 5 , manufacturer , is maiden .
the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in french guiana . ariane 5 is an ela - 3 launch national . arianespace is located in courcouronnes .
aston martin vantage is the successor successor . 5 . 3 ( litres ) is engine ' s engine assembly . aston martin v8 is aston martin .
aston martin v8 , assembly , was related to transportation and aston martin rham / 1 . coupe is the body of aston martin v8 which is in 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii . aston martin dbs is related to aston martin v8 and the united kingdom . aston martin is the manufacturer manufacturer .
brussels , belgium is the assembly engine , engine . audi a1 has the body of hatchback and is layout .
audi , lamborghini , is manufacturer and belongs to the division of audi e - tron . audi is a subsidiary of ducati and was founded by august horch .
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna . caterpillar inc . which was founded in california is located in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states .
aida cruises is located in rostock . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person of caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person of caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa . meyer werft is the builder , which is operated by aida cruises . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & plc .
arctech helsinki shipyard is the builder builder . the inhabitants of finland are finns and sami languages . the leader of finland is juha sipila .
neptun werft is the builder location of rostock , germany . the leader of germany is joachim gauck and the capital is berlin .
neptun werft is the builder location of rostock , germany . the leader of germany is andreas vosskuhle and the capital is berlin .
the united states is home to atlas ii and native americans in the united states . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
abel hernandez is in penarol . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team and fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov died in russia whose leader is valentina matviyenko . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . the chairman of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas . aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
alessio romagnoli is defender ( football ) and plays for u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan who play in serie a . alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and italy national under - 17 football team . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez is in central espanol . abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . gadzhi gadzhiyev is the manager of fc amkar perm .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc spartak moscow and plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union .
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc .
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc .
december 31st , 2006 is the epoch apoapsis , which is a apoapsis apoapsis . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , periapsis , is orbital .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . august 15th , 1868 is the discovered discovered .
james craig watson , peritonitis , discoverer , died on madison , wisconsin . james craig watson has an state of canada and his alma mater is university of michigan .
walter baade , discoverer , was born on german empire and graduated from university of gottingen . walter baade ' s doctoral place is allan sandage and he died on gottingen .
1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer who graduated from university of gottingen and his alma mater is university of gottingen . allan sandage is the doctoral student of walter baade , which was born on german empire .
walter baade , doctoral student allan sandage , is a germany and was born on german empire . walter baade , discoverer , has university of gottingen for an alma mater .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . september 07th , 1868 is the discovered discovered .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and his alma mater is university of michigan . 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the periapsis periapsis .
107 camilla is a december 31st , 2006 discoverer and 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 2368 . 05 ( days ) is orbital ' s orbital periapsis .
107 camilla is a c . woods orbital and was created by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch periapsis .
107 camilla is a 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) apoapsis and f . vilas . december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch orbital .
7 . 08 is the absolute absolute . n . r . pogson of england was born in nottingham . n . r . pogson died in chennai .
373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the apoapsis epoch , which is a epoch epoch . 1089 tama is 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) and the former name is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1101 clematis is a 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) epoch and apoapsis . 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) is mass ' s mass orbital .
173 . 0 ( kelvins ) is the temperature temperature , which is in november 26th , 2005 . 11264 claudiomaccone , orbital , is apoapsis .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is kuching . abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya .
the residence of abdul taib mahmud is demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
nigerian navy is the military military . mike akhigbe is a atiku abubakar predecessor oladipo diya . may 29th , 1999 is the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar .
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . olusegun obasanjo is successor ' s successor which was founded by may 29th , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army .
governor of connecticut is the office for abraham a . ribicoff , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party . abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut .
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare is the office of abraham a . ribicoff , united states , who was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff of the democratic party ( united states ) died in new york city .
abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut . casey ribicoff is spouse ' s death death . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
grenadier guards is the military , whose office is made with member of parliament for gravesham . adam holloway , who was begun in may 05th , 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway , which is a conservative party ( uk ) high , was born by grenadier guards and was born on faversham , kent , england . may 05th , 2005 was begun for adam holloway and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
konstantinos mitsotakis is the office of antonis samaras . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office of agnes kant , netherlands , which is lead by mark rutte . emile roemer is in socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer .
the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) is khadija arib . netherlands is an agnes kant agnes kant leader . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg .
albert b . white ( born : 1856 ) retired on july 03rd , 1941 and died on parkersburg , west virginia . 1941 died architect albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . agnes ward white is spouse ' s birth place , he was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
agnes ward white is the spouse as spouse spouse . albert b . white is the architect of march 04th , 1905 and was born in cleveland .
march 04th , 1905 is the architect of albert b . white which was started on march 04th , 1901 and is voiced by william m . o . dawson . albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in cleveland .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . eva peron is the spouse party of labour party ( argentina ) . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
isaac rojas is the successor as successor successor . alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on styria . austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in graz .
austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in imst . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died on graz . alfons gorbach died in styria .
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . march 03rd , 1857 is the architect of alvah sabin , who ' s death . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died on sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in battle of gettysburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in siege of petersburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron , spouse . in argentina .
brian robertson ( trombonist ) is the member of suburban legends ' s member . aaron bertram is artist and is made with ska punk . punk rock is the stylistic stylistic .
indiana is origin of aaron deer , origin of the united states and background . aaron deer is artist and is made with indie rock .
1995 was built in aaron turner , associated with musical and the united states . aaron turner is artist and is made with black metal .
constructed in 1995 , the start year aaron turner is massachusetts and it ' s associated is twilight ( band ) . aaron turner is artist and is made with sludge metal .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 in poland . magik ( rapper ) is the associated of abradab , associated with kaliber 44 .
ace wilder was an solo singer born in sweden on july 23rd , 1982 . 1982 was born in ace wilder , which was operated by singing .
ace wilder was an solo singer born in stockholm on july 23rd , 1982 . 1982 was born in ace wilder , which was operated by songwriter .
drum and bass is derivative ' s derivative stylistic . hip hop music , stylistic , is music . ace wilder is in hip hop music .
drum and bass is the derivative origin , stylistic , stylistic . ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder is in hip hop music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) , artist , was constructed in 1966 and was born in windsor , connecticut . the wildweeds is the associated of al anderson ( nrbq band ) , rock music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a guitar associated with musical and is voiced by rock music . bhangra ( music ) is the genre of rock music which is the stylistic .
alan frew is an newmarket , ontario origin of solo singer and was born on coatbridge . canada is the origin of alan frew , which was distributed by musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 and was born in socialist republic of serbia . solo singer is the background genre of pop music . pop music is made with disco .
aleksandra kovac , constructed in 1990 , was developed by k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and was developed by solo singer . kornelije kovac is the associated of aleksandra kovac , rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in england and is a united kingdom and was born on manchester . 1872 was born in alfred garth jones and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died on sidcup . london is lead via the european parliament and the leader is boris johnson . alfred garth jones died in london .
the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones died in sidcup . the leader of london is the european parliament . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones died in london .
alison o ' donnell , record , was constructed in 1963 and was developed by flibbertigibbet . mellow candle is the associated of alison o ' donnell , folk music of ireland .
deram records is located in london . stanyan records is the record genre of jazz . funk is the derivative derivative .
jazz , derivative , stylistic was created by afrobeat . autoharp is the instrument genre of jazz .
jazz , origin blues , is derivative and was created by afrobeat . voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is the instrument genre of jazz .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and was born in fort campbell . solo singer is the background genre of acoustic music . allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama .
anders osborne , artist , associated with musical , was built in 1989 . voice of the wetlands all - stars is the associated of anders osborne , rock music .
anders osborne , artist , is associated with musical and the associated associated with tab benoit . 1989 was built in anders osborne , which is in blues .
andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 and was born in campia turzii . solo singer is the background occupation of singer , reality television judge . andra ( singer ) is in dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 and was born in romania . solo singer is the background occupation of singing . andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical . armin van buuren is the associated of andrew rayel , trance music . trance music origin is pop music .
christian burns is associated with andrew rayel , which was built in 2009 and was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is artist and is made with trance music .
andrew rayel was built in 2009 and was associated by bobina in chisinau , moldova . jwaydan moyine is the associated of andrew rayel , trance music .
john digweed is the associated associated with jwaydan moyine . christian burns is the associated of andrew rayel , instrument . andrew rayel is in trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) , label , associated with musical , was built in 2003 . marry banilow is the associated of andrew white ( musician ) , record .
published by disco , hip hop music is derivative , stylistic . allen forrest is in hip hop music . allen forrest was born in fort campbell .
hip hop music , stylistic , derivative , was stylistic . 1981 was born in allen forrest and is in hip hop music .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom . alfred garth jones died in london .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died on paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and the spanish language is greek . the ethnic group of paraguay is mestizo .
polydor records is located in london . b - unique records is the record genre of alternative rock . nu metal is the genre of alternative rock .
polydor records is located in london . universal records ( defunct record label ) is the record genre of alternative rock . nu metal is the genre of alternative rock .
blues is the stylistic stylistic . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is an guitar instrument genre . bhangra ( music ) is the genre of rock music .
rock music is a bhangra ( music ) stylistic . country music is banjo . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in rock music .
death metal is the genre of black metal . old man gloom is the associated of aaron turner , instrument . twilight ( band ) is in black metal .
montevideo is a dish from uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader and the spanish language is spoken . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo whose leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) .
