the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 .
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
the county seat of madison county , indiana , is anderson , indiana .
michigan is located within the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california originates from the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the leader of the united states is barack obama .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is located at 184 and has an area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english language .
albuquerque , new mexico is located within the united states , which is led by the president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico , with a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california , with - 7 , has the area code of 657 , 714 and is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area .
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat of texas , is fort worth , texas .
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in jersey is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states , the capital city of which is olympia , washington .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states where there are many african americans and the english language .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the english language .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of the united states . the language of the states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the total code of albuquerque , new mexico , which has the total code of 505 , 575 , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , with 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) floors , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . it is in the state of texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the total area of anderson , indiana , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson is 268 above sea level and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola , with a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) , is part of indiana .
antioch , california , utc offset - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , which has a total population of 102372 , has the area code of 925 .
atlantic city , new jersey , 609 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total title of city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . alabama is in the state of alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , is part of king county , washington . washington is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , is part of king county , washington . auburn is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , the capital of which is indianapolis . anderson is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana of the united states .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader in albuquerque is the new mexico senate where the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
the united states is home to barack obama and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque in the states .
the language of the united states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , georgia , states , is part of the states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of indiana , states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , states .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of the states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . georgia part of fulton county , georgia where the largest city is atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used .
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the total area of anderson , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california , led by california ' s 11th state assembly district , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language .
atlanta , with 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has an area of 404 and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlanta , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , is part of dekalb county , georgia .
attica , indiana , with a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , is part of the united states and part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is located at 166 and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , king county , washington , united states . the total area of auburn , which has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) , is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , texas where the english language is spoken . the county seat of texas , with the county seat of georgetown , texas , is round rock , texas the largest city .
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language .
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english americans .
arlington , texas part of texas which is part of tarrant county , texas and the county seat of fort worth , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states , whose capital is austin , texas . arlington part of tarrant county , texas where the largest city is fort worth , texas .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , oregon , linn county , oregon , states .
the demonym of the united states is americans where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of oregon , united .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , with the county seat of opelika , alabama , is united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of alabama , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the largest city in jersey , whose largest city is newark , new jersey , is trenton , new jersey .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states where english language . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language .
the leader of the united states is barack obama , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , the states where there are many african americans . the demonym of the united states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states .
