an ingredient of amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore .
one ingredient of the blt is tomato .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
the book bakewell pudding was served by warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine .
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is chicharron .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region .
the serving size of barny cakes is 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
one of the main ingredients of batagor is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
the alternative name of bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
an ingredient of binignit is taro .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico comes from the jalisco region .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language of indonesia is indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people .
malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian malay .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
in new york .
shumai is from china .
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce .
the ethnic group of sumatra is malays ( ethnic group ) .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bacon and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread and it is a variation of blt .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
baked alaska has meringue as an ingredient and comes from the united states .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso has vermicelli in it and comes from indonesia .
an ingredient of bakso is celery which belongs to apiaceae .
bandeja paisa has chicharron as one of its ingredients and comes from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and the main ingredient is banana .
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and comes from guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
a variation of batagor is shumai which has shiitake as an ingredient .
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and banana leaf , javanese cuisine .
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and belongs to the family of solanaceae . arrabbiata sauce includes tomato .
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital city is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . malaysia has an ethnic group of malaysian chinese .
a bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich and lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
a bacon sandwich includes bread and is a variation of the blt which itself is itself of the club sandwich .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from new york in france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
baked alaska , which contains christmas pudding , comes from new york , united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . a variation of dessert is cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it comes from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia .
bandeja paisa , which contains avocado , comes from the paisa region and is colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa , which has hogao in it , is from the paisa region and is colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodle , it comes from the philippines .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it comes from the philippines .
beef kway teow is a dish of nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore where the leader is tony tan .
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from singapore in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . a variation of dessert is cookie .
binignit is a dessert that contains sago . a variation of dessert is cookie .
binignit is a dessert that has taro as an ingredient . a variation of dessert is cookie .
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato are of the order solanales .
bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient and comes from mexico .
bionico contains raisin and comes from guadalajara in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital city is rome .
batchoy comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak arabic .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where the leader is tony tan and english language spoken .
amatriciana sauce includes tomato which comes from the solanaceae family and the order solanales .
amatriciana sauce has tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil as main ingredients and tomato . amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and pietro grasso is the leader .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region and the leader is the parliament of catalonia . arros negre comes from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is batak .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and comes from malaysia . sumatra has an ethnic group called malays ( ethnic group ) and the minangkabau people .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c . .
a bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and condiment . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is cookie . baked alaska comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and sponge cake as main ingredients . baked alaska is from paris , new york or hong kong , united states .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and meringue as main ingredients . baked alaska is found hong kong and france , united states or china .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and ice cream as main ingredients . baked alaska is from hong kong in the united states .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . bakso is a dish of nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries and comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle and it comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is francois hollande . france ' s leader is gerard larcher and the french language is french .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake . batagor comes from the country of indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork . batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines .
batchoy is a soup dish found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and chicken .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish nationwide in singapore and indonesia and comes from singapore .
the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in the country . beef kway teow comes from singapore and singapore and indonesia .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji , which contains vegetable , can also be known as bhaji , bajji . bhajji come from the karnataka region of india .
bhajji main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and vegetable . bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region .
binignit has sago as main ingredients and sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales .
binignit main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient .
bionico ' s main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert , as is cookie .
bakso contains tapioca and comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet comes from singapore where tony tan is a leader . ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the ilocano people . batchoy comes from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken .
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are zamboangans and the igorot people . batchoy comes from the philippines where one of the languages used is arabic .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
binignit is a dessert , as is sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group are malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay .
malaysia ' s leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group in malaysian malay . asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon and sausage . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states .
the leader of the united states is paul ryan and the english language is spoken in the country . bacon explosion comes from the united states where white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup and blt . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom .
france ' s leader is manuel valls and gerard larcher is the spoken french language . baked alaska is from hong kong and is from france .
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa and is part of the rutaceae family and the order rosids . bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department in colombia .
france ' s leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the spoken french language . sponge cake is an ingredient of barny cakes which comes from france .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor and shumai . batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor and siomay . batagor comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india . gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji and has the main ingredient of gram flour , vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the people are called the indian people . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , the inhabitants are called the indian people . two leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert that contains sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey .
spain ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and its ethnic group is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is carles puigdemont .
the leader of italy is matteo renzi and another leader is laura boldrini and italian language spoken in the country . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . the inhabitants of italy are italians and the capital city is rome .
italy is lead by pietro grasso and matteo renzi and uses the italian language . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome .
ayam penyet is a dish nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and can be found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken and ayam penyet .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore ' s leader is tony tan and it uses the english language .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are an ethnic group and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and arabic .
ajoblanco originates from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . ajoblanco originates from andalusia where susana diaz is the leader . in spain the language spoken is the spanish language .
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . the leader of andalusia is susana diaz .
