pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in a blt . (id7)
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g . (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia . (id17)
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is a food found in jalisco . (id21)
chicken is a member of the class bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . (id24)
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java . (id27)
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia . (id28)
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
the spanish language is spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is located in china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . (id32)
the malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where arrabbiata sauce originates from . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy . (id39)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . (id40)
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia . (id41)
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia . (id42)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . (id43)
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which includes bacon . (id44)
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id45)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is similar to a blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id49)
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart and is a variation of bakewell pudding . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia . (id51)
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is typical colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone . (id54)
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia . (id55)
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow comes from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji come from india where the people are called indian people . (id60)
t . s . thakur is the leader of india where bhajji originates . (id61)
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines . (id63)
the main ingredient of binignit , which contains banana , is sweet potato . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico , it ' s leader is enrique pena nieto . (id65)
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region . (id66)
cake is a dessert , as is bionico . (id67)
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo . (id68)
batagor , shumai , uses shiitake as an ingredient . (id69)
amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy , contains guanciale . (id70)
arem - arem is a javanese cuisine that contains banana leaf and compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and belongs to the division of flowering plant and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains olive oil and is from the region of rome . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy and comes from the region of rome , it includes tomato . (id74)
the main ingredients of asam pedas , found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria . (id76)
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and comes from the region of malaysia where there is an ethnic group called malaysian chinese . (id77)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which contains lettuce and the club sandwich . (id78)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts . (id80)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . the blt is a variation on the club sandwich and the sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york . (id82)
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states . (id84)
a cookie is a dessert , as is baked alaska which contains sponge cake . (id85)
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id87)
bakso , containing beef , indonesia , is a food found in bakso . (id88)
bandeja paisa from the paisa region , colombian cuisine , contains avocado . (id89)
bandeja paisa from the paisa region , colombian cuisine , contains hogao . (id90)
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls . (id91)
batchoy contains noodle and comes from the philippines , it includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id92)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines that contains vegetable and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region in indonesia . (id95)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and it uses oyster sauce in singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji come from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
binignit , which contains banana , is a dessert and can be served as a cookie . (id98)
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago . (id99)
binignit , containing taro , is a dessert and can be served as a cookie . (id100)
the main ingredient of binignit , which contains banana , is sweet potato , belonging to the order of solanales . (id101)
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico . (id102)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , it contains raisin and is found in mexico . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso . (id104)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . (id105)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people . (id106)
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where the english language is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id107)
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order of solanales and are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id108)
amatriciana sauce originates from the lazio region of italy contains tomato and tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso . (id110)
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of cuttlefish , spain and the ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id111)
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of white rice , spain and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , the parliament of catalonia , spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in sumatra where the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is the minangkabau people . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . the states is home to the leader barack obama and the asian americans . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . the states is home to the leader john roberts and the asian americans . (id117)
a variation of a bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , is ketchup and it contains the blt and club sandwich . (id118)
the main ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which originates from the united kingdom , is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment . a bacon can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id120)
baked alaska originates from the united states , it includes the ingredient sponge cake and meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding the ingredients of paris , new york or hong kong . (id121)
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from france , united states or china and hong kong and the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id122)
baked alaska originates from the united states , it includes ice cream and hong kong , the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id123)
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient . (id124)
bakso , a dish from indonesia , contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . (id125)
bakso is a food found in indonesia , which it contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle . (id126)
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains the kidney bean . the main ingredients of it are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id127)
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains hogao . the main ingredients of it are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id128)
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande and / or gerard larcher . (id129)
batagor is a food found in indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay and it which contains shiitake . (id130)
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines , it includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork . (id131)
batchoy is a soup dish containing chicken from the philippines contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and sesame oil , singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where the leader is halimah yacob . (id134)
beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , is from indonesia and singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id135)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india and contains bhaji , bajji and vegetable . (id136)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , can also be known as bhaji , bajji and the ingredients include gram flour , vegetables and vegetable . (id137)
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato , it belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines , it includes coconut milk and sago . (id139)
bionico is a food found in jalisco , it is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola . (id140)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico , it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . the dessert is a cookie . (id142)
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it comes from indonesia . (id143)
ayam penyet is a food found in java where one of the ethnic groups is the baduy and the singapore region is tony tan . (id144)
in the philippines , where philippine spanish and batchoy was written , includes the zamboangans and the ilocano people . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . in the philippines they speak zamboangans and arabic and the igorot people . (id146)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english . a cookie is a dessert . (id147)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english . sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert . (id148)
arem - arem is a nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java dish found in indonesia where the indonesian language is spoken and the leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . (id149)
asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . in malaysia there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese . (id150)
asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . malaysia includes the malaysian indian and malaysian malay . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . malaysia includes the malaysian indian and malaysian malay . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in the malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia , whose leader is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian indian and malaysian malay . (id153)
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states , it includes bacon and bacon , sausage , the main ingredients are sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . in the states , the english language is called paul ryan , the capital city is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id155)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are united kingdom and bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce , it also contains ketchup and is a variation of the blt . a bacon can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id156)
baked alaska is a traditional dish from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and / or manuel valls . alaska comes from the region of hong kong . (id157)
bandeja paisa originates from the antioquia department in colombia . it , which contains lemon , belongs to the rutaceae family and is part of the order of rosids . (id158)
barny cakes come from sponge cake and originates from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande and gerard larcher is the leader . (id159)
batagor , shumai , indonesia , is led by joko widodo and siomay ( containing peanut sauce ) . (id160)
batagor is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . it , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . (id161)
batagor is a variation of shumai ( shiitake ) , indonesia , which leader is jusuf kalla and siomay are variations on the same dish . (id162)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , can also have bhaji , bajji and the ingredients include gram flour , vegetables and gram flour . (id163)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india where the leader is t . s . thakur . the people of india are called indian people . (id164)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , which leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indian people . (id165)
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico and contains sour cream . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . (id166)
bionico , a dessert found in mexico , contains honey . the leader of mexico is enrique pena nieto and the language is the spanish language . (id167)
bionico is a food found in jalisco and is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and honey are variations . (id168)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . it originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . carles puigdemont is a leader in catalonia . (id169)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the italian language is spoken and the leader is matteo renzi . the leader of italy is laura boldrini . (id170)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the people are called italians and the capital city is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini . (id171)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the italian language is spoken . the leader of italy is matteo renzi and the leader is pietro grasso . (id172)
the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . it is a food found in java and is made nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java . (id173)
ayam penyet is a popular dish in java . it is a dish from singapore where the english language is spoken . the leader of singapore is tony tan . one of the ethnic groups of java is the javanese people . (id174)
in the philippines where philippine spanish and batchoy was written , one of the ethnic groups is zamboangans and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese filipino and arabic . (id175)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region . it originates from the country of spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . the language spoken in spain is the spanish language . the leader of it is susana diaz . (id176)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region . it originates from the country of spain where the people are called spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain . the leader of it is susana diaz . (id177)
