the 11th mississippi infantry monument , seminary ridge , united states , was established in adams county , pennsylvania in the state of pennsylvania in the year 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id1)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the monument falls under the category of contributing property . the west of it , which is franklin county , pennsylvania , is frederick county , maryland and to the southeast lies carroll county , maryland and cumberland county , pennsylvania . (id2)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . (id3)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti . (id4)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument in the united states was established on july 11th , 1907 in the state of maryland in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and falls under the category of historic districts in the united states . (id5)
alan bean , a united states national , was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he is now retired . he spent 100305 minutes in space . (id6)
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa and died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id7)
alan bean ' s birth name was alan lavern bean . alan was a crew member on apollo 12 operated by nasa . alan retired in june 1981 . the apollo commander was david scott . the backup pilot of apollo is alfred worden . (id8)
buzz aldrin was an united states who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was a fighter pilot in glen ridge , new jersey . he was hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member on apollo 11 . (id9)
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders . (id10)
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders . (id11)
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20th , 1930 ) graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz was hired by nasa in 1963 was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot . (id12)
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california , where the smilodon was published and the senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite . (id13)
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id14)
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa , frank borman . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . the backup pilot of apollo is buzz aldrin . (id15)
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman . he is now retired . the backup pilot of apollo is buzz aldrin . (id16)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . the academic staff of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is 100 . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta . (id17)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id18)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id19)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the religion of denmark is the church of denmark . (id20)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id21)
the awh engineering college in india is located in kerala and was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india where the largest city is mumbai . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id22)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania and desteapta - te , romane ! people . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle . (id23)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 16000 students . the school has 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . (id24)
