abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of the grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is based in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is the transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania is carroll county , maryland .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the title of the leader in azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the start date of building 320 south boston building was 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain , were the architects for the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh leads dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people inhabit india .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is the white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion was made in ` ` print ' ' .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the english language is spoken in a long long way .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the author of above the veil is garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
the english language is spoken in aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the english language is used in the castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the english language is used in the united states .
a glastonbury romance preceded weymouth sands .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics , .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar competed in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ` ` akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens hartel is attached to the club fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez is a member of the fc dallas club .
luciano spalletti was at the club udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini is in the vicenza calcio club .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located within the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahe , india is northwest of the northwest of kerala .
the neighboring municipality for mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean was from the united states .
buzz aldrin was the apollo 8 backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was shown on the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel was an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 .
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson , indiana the county seat of ` ` madison county , indiana ' ' .
michigan is located within the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california originates from the united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
barack obama is the united states leader .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is a member of the class bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
the malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was awarded the ` ` battle of mine run ' ' .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was built on tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
the party of abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was built on may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was built on january 3rd , 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in the gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis was built in antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
construction of building airey neave was june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is abbreviated to lieutenant colonel .
the start year of airey neave is 1935 .
the party of albert b . white is republican party ( united states ) .
albert b . white is nicknamed agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is abbreviated to union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is nicknamed rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
construction of building alfred moore scales was march 4th , 1875 .
alfred moore scales was awarded the ` ` battle of chancellorsville ' ' .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut .
construction of building allan shivers was january 21st , 1947 .
allan shivers is abbreviated to united states army .
allan shivers is nicknamed price daniel .
construction of building alvah sabin was march 4th , 1853 .
the party of alvah sabin is whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee .
austrian german is the language spoken in austria .
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
the commander of gulf war is colin powell .
the predecessor john f . kennedy is the predecessor dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
the predecessor juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor francisco franco .
the party of juan peron is labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
united states army was awarded the ` ` spanish - american war ' ' .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name for 1955 dodge is ` ` dodge coronet ' ' .
1955 dodge is nicknamed 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna was built on april 7th , 2005 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna was operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was built on march 16th , 2013 .
aidastella was completed in march 11th , 2013 .
aidastella is abbreviated to march 17th , 2013 .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the alternative name for amc matador is ` ` american motors matador ' ' .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is now sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is nicknamed straight - four engine .
acura tlx is nicknamed honda k engine .
acura tlx is nicknamed awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx was related to honda accord .
acura tlx is nicknamed 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 is nicknamed arese .
alfa romeo 164 was related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is nicknamed 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra is nicknamed samuda brothers .
alhambra is abbreviated to 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is now wrecked .
alhambra is abbreviated to 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 is nicknamed straight - six engine .
the start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
american submarine nr - 1 is abbreviated to 4 . 6 m .
the flight flight about antares ( rocket ) is october 28th , 2014 .
antares ( rocket ) is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 is abbreviated to guiana space centre .
the flight flight about ariane 5 is august 11th , 2005 .
the body of aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin v8 is nicknamed aston martin .
aston martin virage is nicknamed aston martin .
the flight flight about atlas ii is march 16th , 1998 .
atlas ii is abbreviated to vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 is nicknamed audi brussels .
audi a1 was related to seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom was related to chrysler newport .
fiat croma was related to alfa romeo 164 .
the people of germany are called germans .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of guiana space centre are in kourou , french guiana .
honda k engine is nicknamed honda .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay olympic football team club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay national football team club .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the iraq national football team club .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was commanded by atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club .
al - khor sports club is in the league , qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
the position of al kharaitiyat sc is qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the sanat mes kerman f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 19 football team club .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is at the florida panthers club .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is in the league , national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc samtredia club .
aleksandre guruli is at the georgia national under - 21 football team club .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club .
alessio romagnoli was awarded the a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus is in the league , turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the city of atlanta falcons .
the manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in hungary .
the english language is spoken in canada .
slavey language is the language spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
finnish language is the language spoken in finland .
italy national under - 16 football team is nicknamed daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is nicknamed zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is located in fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is in the city of st . louis .
tennessee titans is in the city of nashville , tennessee .
the active of aaron bertram is 1998 .
the associated of aaron deer is the horns of happiness .
aaron deer is abbreviated to kill rock stars .
aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is in the genre of progressive metal .
abradab is nicknamed solo singer .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is in the genre of hip hop music .
agustin barboza is in the genre of guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is in the genre of rock music .
the associated of albennie jones is sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is nicknamed solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop .
the associated of alfredo zitarrosa is hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is abbreviated to rca records .
the active of alison o ' donnell are 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell is nicknamed voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 4th , 1981 .
allen forrest is in the genre of pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the associated of anders osborne is johnny sansone .
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is abbreviated to alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
the active of andrew rayel is 2009 .
the associated of andrew rayel is christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
the associated of andrew white ( musician ) is marry banilow .
andrew white ( musician ) is abbreviated to b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns is nicknamed guitar .
hip hop music is abbreviated to gangsta rap .
the origin of hip hop music are funk .
the origin of indie rock are new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
the company of rca records is sony music entertainment .
the origin of rock and roll are blues .
the origin of synthpop are pop music .
british people inhabit the united kingdom .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
( 29075 ) 1950 da is nicknamed carl a . wirtanen .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is abbreviated to 22 . 1 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is nicknamed 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is nicknamed 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is nicknamed november 4th , 2013 .
1000 piazzia is abbreviated to 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the former name for 1001 gaussia is ` ` 1923 oaa907 xc ' ' .
1001 gaussia is governed by 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
101 helena is nicknamed 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 .
101 helena is nicknamed 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
1036 ganymed is abbreviated to 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
103 hera is abbreviated to 7 . 66 .
103 hera is nicknamed 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
107 camilla is abbreviated to 7 . 08 .
107 camilla is nicknamed a . storrs .
the former name for 1089 tama is ` ` a894 va ; a904 vd ; ' ' .
1089 tama is abbreviated to 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1097 vicia is abbreviated to 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1097 vicia is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 .
1097 vicia is abbreviated to 95040 .
109 felicitas is nicknamed christian heinrich friedrich peters .
109 felicitas is nicknamed 283326000000 .
10 hygiea is abbreviated to 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1101 clematis is nicknamed 445895000000 .
110 lydia is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone should be served 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
