11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the start date of building 320 south boston building was 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain , were the architects for the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh leads dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people inhabit india .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is the white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , chicago , has 60 floors .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
hok sve designed the 3arena at east link bridge .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the populous ( company ) .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival architecture style .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row , in colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio and is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois and is lead by rahm emanuel .
the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , was designed by george winkler from the united states .
hok sve designed the 3arena at north wall quay completed in december 2008 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , has 23 floors and a tenant of marriott international .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn and the tenant is marriott international .
augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor , the palace of westminster .
adare manor , designed by philip charles hardwick , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , sri lanka completed in 1931 , has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall which was started in 30 march 2007 and is located in the united states .
julia morgan , who was born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , who designed asilomar conference grounds , was born in california and has designed many significant buildings of chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , located in avenue a ( manhattan ) , was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , located in new york city , was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats and the architect is 103 colmore row .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . the leader of ethiopia , led by hailemariam desalegn , is addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat and is lead by anandiben patel .
the marriott international , with bill marriott as key key person , is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
construction of 103 colmore row , birmingham began in 1973 and has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
the capital of south africa , whose capital is cape town , is the coloured and the asian south africans . south africa is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and its governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with an area of 110 million ( dollars ) and is 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , leinster , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the 3xn firm the marriott international hotel .
adare manor is in adare , county limerick , munster , and is the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the filipinos in japan
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the vietnamese people in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia at 101 ukrop way is owned by the college of william & mary and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , whose leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 . it has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of manhattan and brooklyn . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , manhattan where gale brewer is the leader .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by andrew mitchell and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by the labour party ( uk ) and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , anandiben patel , india and is lead by sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan and is located in akita , akita . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii and the capital is london . the title of the leader in london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , joe biden where the english language is spoken and the leader is the president of the united states .
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york began in january , 2014 with a postmodern architecture and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois , in the united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the leader of denmark , which is led by margrethe ii of denmark , is the faroese language and the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the tenant of the hotel in marriott international , which was founded in washington , d . c . , is bill marriott .
denmark , led by lars lokke rasmussen , uses the greenlandic language and is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c .
the republic of ireland , designed by adare manor , was designed by augustus pugin born in bloomsbury where the leader is enda kenny . one of the significant buildings designed by him is the palace of westminster .
construction of addis ababa city hall , 42 m began in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and was completed in 1964 . the current tenants of the hall are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art in akita prefecture , akita , akita is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , japan and has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the chinese people in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the mason are the current tenants of the alan b . miller hall . the hall in virginia , owned by the college of william & mary , was designed by robert a . m . stern .
ahmedabad , india , is lead by sumitra mahajan and is the location of amdavad ni gufa . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly .
the ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka and is lead by austin fernando . the hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
the ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner building , and the asilomar state beach , hearst castle .
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach , hearst castle .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , manhattan , new netherland . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr .
the birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and governing body is birmingham city council . birmingham born in john madin designed 103 colmore row .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts , barack obama and the leader is president of the united states .
