the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay olympic football team club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay national football team club .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the iraq national football team club .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was commanded by atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club .
al - khor sports club is in the league , qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
the position of al kharaitiyat sc is qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the sanat mes kerman f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 19 football team club .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is at the florida panthers club .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is in the league , national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc samtredia club .
aleksandre guruli is at the georgia national under - 21 football team club .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club .
alessio romagnoli was awarded the a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus is in the league , turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is in the city of atlanta .
the manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in hungary .
the language spoken in canada is the english language .
the language spoken in canada is slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language spoken in finland is finnish language .
italy national under - 16 football team is nicknamed daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is nicknamed zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is located in fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is in the city of st . louis .
tennessee titans is in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and is attached to the club wichita thunder .
abel hernandez is at the penarol club whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club and is attached to the club penarol .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club and is attached to the club netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the steel azin f . c . club and is attached to the club al shorta sc .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national football team club and is attached to the club t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , aka new england patriots , was built on 39 .
akeem ayers , aka tennessee titans , was built on 39 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley is at the rops club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - khor sports club club whose ground is located at al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club whose manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club whose ground is located at new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . ( born on september 2nd , 1995 ) plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and is attached to the club florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov was at the fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league league .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 in manitoba .
alex tyus ( born on january 8th , 1988 ) plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where conservative party of canada is the leader .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language is spoken .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc dinamo batumi club whose manager is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club whose ground is located at otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley was at the rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club whose ground is located at palo seco velodrome .
aaron hunt was created by goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg , and has represented the club sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt is at the vfl wolfsburg club , manages dieter hecking and is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , and has represented the club u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo , and has represented the club penarol .
adam maher ( born in netherlands ) plays for psv eindhoven and is in the az alkmaar .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is attached to the club w connection f . c . . united ' s ground is located in palo seco .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team los angeles rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team st . louis rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
akeem dent was built on atlanta falcons and was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for both shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club shabab al - ordon club . the sc ' s ground is located in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and is attached to the club clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the motherwell f . c . club and is attached to the club accrington stanley f . c . . stanley ' s ground is located in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 2nd , 1995 and is part of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was built on florida panthers and was born on september 2nd , 1995 in tampere , finland .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for fc kuban krasnodar and is attached to the club fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for russia national football b team and is attached to the club fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is at the olympique lyonnais club and plays for azal pfk . it ' s ground is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli is at the olympique lyonnais club and is attached to the club us lesquin . the olympique lyonnais ' s ground is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is at the a . c . milan club , manages sinisa mihajlovic and is attached to the club italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli is at the a . c . milan club , manages sinisa mihajlovic and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is at the italy national under - 16 football team club and plays for a . s . roma . italy is nicknamed daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for both italy national under - 17 football team and u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 1 . 9304 and is the club anyang halla .
alex plante is classed as a 1 . 9304 and was born in canada , anyang halla .
alex tyus is in the maccabi ashdod b . c . club , zvi sherf , and is in euroleague .
alex tyus is in the maccabi ashdod b . c . club , zvi sherf , and is in turkish basketball super league .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc tom tomsk club and is attached to the club fc spartak moscow . spartak ' s ground is located in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov was awarded the fc spartak moscow , its ground is located in otkrytiye arena . he is at the fc anzhi makhachkala club .
aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov and 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
abel hernandez is at the hull city a . f . c . club , manages steve bruce and is attached to the club uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia and was born in moscow where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
abner ( footballer ) is at the real madrid castilla club , manages luis miguel ramis and is attached to the club brazil national under - 20 football team .
abner ( footballer ) is at the real madrid castilla club , manages luis miguel ramis and is attached to the club c . d . fas .
alex tyus was born in st . louis which is part of greater st . louis and is led by francis g . slay .
the akeem ayers , with the former team new england patriots , was built on tennessee titans in the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team club and is attached to the club united petrotrin f . c . . united ' s ground is located in palo seco .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club and is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii . sv , ( managed by alexander nouri ) , play in the 3 . liga league .
abel hernandez , who was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , has been managed by steve bruce and penarol .
the manager of abel hernandez is penarol , they are managed by jorge orosman da silva and previously played for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by penarol and u . s . citta di palermo . the manager of palermo is giuseppe iachini and they play in serie a .
adam mcquaid is nicknamed 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and was born in prince edward island . adam was born in 1986 on october 12th , 1986 .
adam mcquaid is abbreviated to columbus blue jackets which is located in columbus , ohio . adam is at the boston bruins club whose general manager is don sweeney .
akeem ayers was commanded by st . louis rams and was born on july 10th , 1989 . he was built in tennessee titans and was born in 1989 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 . he has the former team houston texans and was born in atlanta , georgia .
akeem dent was built on atlanta falcons and was born on september 27th , 1987 . he has the former team houston texans and was born in atlanta , georgia .
the manager of al kharaitiyat sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor . alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - zawra ' a sc club and is attached to the club al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club iraq national under - 23 football team . the manager of the sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club shabab al - ordon club . the manager of the sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club crewe alexandra f . c . . alan is classed as a 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and was born on january 1st , 1989 .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 21 football team club and is attached to the club crewe alexandra f . c . . alan is classed as a 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and was born on january 1st , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is classed as a 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born on february 24th , 1989 . he is at the fc kuban krasnodar club and is attached to the club fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc rubin kazan . aleksandr is classed as a 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc zestafoni . he is classed as a 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born in batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 and is attached to the club anyang halla . alex was born on may 9th , 1989 in canada .
alex plante was born in 1989 and is attached to the club anyang halla . he is classed as a 1 . 9304 and was born in canada .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is inuktitut . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is asian canadians . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is slavey language . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the manager of fc terek grozny , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
fc torpedo moscow , whose chairman is aleksandr tukmanov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov is at the torpedo club whose manager is valery petrakov .
the akeem dent , atlanta falcons , has the former team houston texans and is located in texas . houston is in the city of houston .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol in the uruguayan primera division league . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club whose manager is steve bruce .
abel hernandez , who was awarded the penarol , has been managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo . he was at the central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division league .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club , manages valery petrakov and is attached to the club soviet union national football team . he died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club , manages oleh luzhny and is attached to the club olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas , is based at parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli , whose position is defender ( football ) , plays for a . c . milan and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . the manager of milan is sinisa mihajlovic and they play in serie a .
alessio romagnoli , which was designed by a . c . milan , has the chairman silvio berlusconi and is managed by sinisa mihajlovic . he is at the italy national under - 17 football team club and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club , manages giuseppe iachini and is attached to the club uruguay national football team . he was awarded the central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division league .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club , manages gadzhi gadzhiyev and is attached to the club fc spartak moscow . spartak , whose chairman is sergey rodionov , is based at otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc terek grozny club and plays for fc spartak moscow as well as a sergey rodionov . the manager of fc , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny .
aleksandr prudnikov was created by fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny , and has represented the club fc dynamo moscow . the manager of fc , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and plays for both fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team . the manager of torpedo , who are the manager of valery petrakov , was 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco . the manager of ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov , is thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco velodrome . the manager of ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov , is thomas doll .
