april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was shown on the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel was an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcasted by stv .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman , last aired on april 15th , 1986 , starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) .
the bbc ,  abbreviated  to bbc radio , has rona fairhead as key key person . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is based in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . he was first broadcast by stv on the 3rd of october , 1983 .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring ryan potter . he was created by duncan rouleau , an americans .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . the bolt was created by ernie colon , an puerto ricans national .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . he is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk .
