the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the monocacy national battlefield where the nearest city is frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
albany , oregon is part of oregon where the capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states , is lead by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . arlington , texas has an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
amarillo , texas is from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the title of the leader is the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bacon and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread and it is a variation of blt .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
baked alaska has meringue as an ingredient and comes from the united states .
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso has vermicelli in it and comes from indonesia .
an ingredient of bakso is celery which belongs to apiaceae .
bandeja paisa has chicharron as one of its ingredients and comes from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and the main ingredient is banana .
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and comes from guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
a variation of batagor is shumai which has shiitake as an ingredient .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where they speak arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of - - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a runway length of 597 . 0 and its 3rd runway has an poaceae surface .
ashgabat international airport has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway named 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is in verona , italy and they have 39371 members .
italy born rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who is attached to the club fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) ) who was at blackburn rovers f . c . .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in lancashire and the club has 3180 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and it has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played football for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who played for juventus f . c . .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and it has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s home ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) ) and they compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which has jong ajax tenant .
azal pfk ' s home ground is the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio . gubbio comes from umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
a . s . roma ' s manager is luciano spalletti who plays for empoli f . c . .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available in e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which was written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , also known as am . j . math . , comes under the academic discipline mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics was published by the johns hopkins university press which is governed by johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and the city is located in bangalore .
acharya institute of technology was awarded the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
awh engineering college is in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is an united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred alan tudyk .
baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and is made of big hero 6 ( film ) .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
200 public square is located in the united states and has a floor count of 45 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 34 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has a floor count of 60 .
located in the united states , george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen is marriott international .
adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architecture style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architecture style .
the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is ` ` 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori ' ' . the floor count of the akita museum of art is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road and is located in gujarat .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3arena is located in dublin , part of the republic of ireland .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud is an abdul rahman ya ' kub successor dish .
abdul taib mahmud is in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and his alma mater was technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar is al - amin daggash and the office is called chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 and is successor .
abdulsalami abubakar is an olusegun obasanjo successor office .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . abner w . sibal is in world war ii .
abner w . sibal is an united states army military national .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent . the residence of adam holloway is gravesend .
adam koc won virtuti militari . adam koc is in world war i .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece .
agnes kant , at parliamentary group leader , was born on hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , unit , was created by military cross .
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in battle of france .
the commander of battle of france is hugo sperrle . airey neave is in battle of france .
airey neave is in world war ii . airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave is in world war ii . the commander of world war ii is franklin d . roosevelt .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . airey neave is in world war ii .
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert b . white is politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain , which has the president edmund j . davis , died on new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire , which has the office provisional president of the argentine senate , is owned by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alfred moore scales is james w . reid ( politician ) and the office is called governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales is a successor national whose alma mater is princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , at the united states house of representatives , was born on connecticut .
alfred n . phillips is an united states army military national .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . allan shivers is in world war ii .
allan shivers , at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , was born on lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , which has the office member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is owned by ben ramsey .
alvah sabin , at secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23rd , 1793 .
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states .
aaron boogaard plays for wichita thunder . aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan .
the first club abel hernandez played for penarol is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for penarol and u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and his club is netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
the first club akeem adams played for ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , whose former team are new england patriots , is voiced by draft .
akeem ayers , whose former team are tennessee titans , is voiced by draft .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and rops .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club . the ground of al - khor sports club is located in al khor .
the first club alaa abdul - zahra played for al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . the ground of hamilton academical f . c . is located in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in september 02nd , 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the first club aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk , who play in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 and was born in manitoba .
alex tyus was born in january 08th , 1988 . alex tyus plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada .
the anthem of canada is o canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
canada was written in the english language . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
the first club aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops , who play in veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is an guitar instrument genre .
aaron deer is an indiana of indiana and the united states .
aaron turner is artist and is made with electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is an singing instrument genre .
abradab is a musical associated with musical .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland . abradab was born in katowice .
ace wilder is in hip hop music . hip hop music origin is disco .
ace wilder , background , is record .
agustin barboza , record , was born in paraguay .
alan frew is in rock music . rock music is made with bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew is in rock music . rock music origin is country music .
albennie jones is in jazz . jazz origin is blues .
aleksandra kovac is an solo singer background genre .
aleksandra kovac is in rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues origin is blues .
aleksandra kovac was built in 1990 and is made with soul music .
alex day is in synthpop . synthpop origin is new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 and was born in england .
alfredo zitarrosa is an solo singer background genre .
alfredo zitarrosa is an solo singer background genre .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died on montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died on uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is an solo singer background genre .
alison o ' donnell is a musical associated with musical .
alison o ' donnell is an floating world records record genre .
alison o ' donnell is an voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp instrument genre .
allen forrest is an solo singer background genre .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock . alternative rock is christian alternative rock .
anders osborne is a musical associated with musical .
anders osborne is an rabadash records record genre .
anders osborne is an shanachie records record genre .
andra ( singer ) , constructed in 2000 , is in pop music .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues origin is blues .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical .
andrew rayel is a musical associated with musical .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock . alternative rock origin is new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music . country music is banjo .
andrew white ( musician ) is an polydor records record location .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , escape , is apoapsis .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , apoapsis , is minimum .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , periapsis , is discoverer .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , escape , is epoch .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , epoch , is orbital .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , epoch , is rotation .
101 helena is an james craig watson discoverer national .
1036 ganymed is an 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) apoapsis average .
1036 ganymed discoverer was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer national .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer national .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer national .
107 camilla discoverer was born in nottingham .
1089 tama is november 26th , 2005 and the former name is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama , apoapsis , is located at 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
1097 vicia , periapsis , is epoch .
109 felicitas , apoapsis , is located at 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas , periapsis , is epoch .
109 felicitas , rotation , is epoch .
10 hygiea is located in 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and is apoapsis .
10 hygiea is june 27th , 2015 and the former name is a900 ga .
110 lydia , epoch , is mass .
110 lydia , epoch , is orbital .
a - rosa luna is a class of cruise ship and it ' s length is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
a - rosa luna , which has a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was ship .
aida cruises is located in germany . aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna , speed , is 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aidastella was founded by march 16th , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 is a diesel - electric transmission builder .
alv x - 1 , diameter , is rocket .
amc matador , model , is assembly .
richard a . teague is an designer of chrysler and is the designer of amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) has a length of 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) and comes from argentina .
alfa romeo 164 , assembly , was related to saab 9000 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and italy .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema and italy .
alvis speed 25 is an alvis car and engineering company museum located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , transmission , is engine .
alvis speed 25 , engine , is transmission .
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer national .
antares ( rocket ) , maiden , is launch .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is a dish from argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 , launch , is manufacturer .
ariane 5 is an airbus defence and space manufacturer parent company .
aston martin v8 is the united kingdom and is related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , successor , is manufacturer .
aston martin v8 is related to aston martin dbs and aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is an aston martin virage successor national .
atlas ii , diameter , is final .
atlas ii , launch , is manufacturer .
audi a1 is an audi manufacturer division .
audi a1 is an audi manufacturer subsidiary .
audi a1 is an audi manufacturer subsidiary .
aidaluna is a caterpillar inc . publication whose key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is an delta ii comparable site .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is an finland builder leader .
american submarine nr - 1 is an general dynamics electric boat builder parent company .
a - rosa luna is a type of mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
aston martin v8 is the united kingdom is led by elizabeth ii .
