the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is located at seminary ridge . the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania in the united states . (id1)
adams county , pennsylvania has franklin county , pennsylvania to its west and carroll county , maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . (id2)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . (id3)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id4)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established july 11th , 1907 ) is categorised as a historic districts in the united states . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in maryland in the united states . (id5)
alan bean was an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . alan bean is a test pilot and has since retired . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space . (id6)
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , alan shepard , was awarded the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . alan shepard died in california . (id7)
apollo 12 was operated by nasa and has the commander david scott and the backup pilot of alfred worden . alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 and was born on alan lavern bean . alan bean retired in june 1981 . (id8)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . (id9)
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and has william anders as the backup pilot . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . (id10)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin is an united states citizen born in glen ridge , new jersey . apollo 11 backup pilot william anders . (id11)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . (id12)
alan shepard died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the benitoite is from . alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . smilodon is a fossil from california . (id13)
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and served as a fighter pilot before being part of apollo 8 . william anders is an united states citizen born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 . (id14)
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders retired on september 01st , 1969 . (id15)
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders has retired . william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 . (id16)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio ' s dean is mario botta . (id17)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . (id18)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . (id19)
the leader of denmark is monarchy of denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is church of denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . (id20)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id21)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . india ' s largest city is mumbai and the river is the ganges . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id22)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania is one of the ethnic groups . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! ! romania ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle . (id23)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id24)
