the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is located at 184 and has an area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english language .
albuquerque , new mexico is located within the united states , which is led by the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich .
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is bacon and it also contains sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , aka bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is bacon .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and it uses bread as an ingredient .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from the united states .
bakewell pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso contains vermicelli and comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery which is a family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron , is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the people are called indian people .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and is found in the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , like cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of shumai and it uses shiitake as an ingredient .
the aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
the al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has an asphalt surface .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose largest city is houston .
the angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , has a runway length of 3800 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 .
ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is located in verona , italy .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages a . c . chievo verona .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and they payed in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and its ground is located in livorno .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c .
the full name of acf fiorentina is ` ` acf fiorentina s . p . a . ' ' and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and its ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena and it is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they payed in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which is a dish from umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who played for empoli f . c .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and was produced in e - book .
the eissn number of aip advances , eissn 2158 , is aip adv . .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in print form .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , by julius springer .
the literary number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , oclc number 78771100 , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the discipline of the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , is mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which has the parent company johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcasted by stv .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on march 15th , 1932 ) is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in chicago .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located at haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed abdul rahman ya ' kub , which is northwest of stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was born in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and is located in al - amin daggash .
construction of abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , began in may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was built on united states army , which was previously won by the korean war .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was an gravesend who was born in kent .
adam koc won virtuti militari and was involved by world war i .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was athens .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in greece .
agnes kant has an office of parliamentary group leader and was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , has won military cross .
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was awarded the battle of france , the commander of which is hugo sperrle .
airey neave was an world war ii who was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert b . white was designed by politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the albert jennings fountain , built on edmund j . davis , died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain party of republican party ( united states ) was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in austria .
alfred moore scales has an office of governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid ( politician ) .
alfred moore scales was founded by daniel gould fowle , an alma mater of princeton university .
alfred n . phillips has an office of united states house of representatives and was born in connecticut .
united states army is the military [ ent_alfred_n_dot__phillips_ent [ ent_american_civil_war_ent .
allan shivers was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and is located in ben ramsey .
alvah sabin has an office of secretary of state of vermont and was born on october 23rd , 1793 .
agnes kant is in netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is located in netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and is attached to the club wichita thunder .
abel hernandez is at the penarol club whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club and is attached to the club penarol .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club and is attached to the club netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the steel azin f . c . club and is attached to the club al shorta sc .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national football team club and is attached to the club t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , aka new england patriots , was built on 39 .
akeem ayers , aka tennessee titans , was built on 39 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley is at the rops club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - khor sports club club whose ground is located at al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club whose manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club whose ground is located at new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . ( born on september 2nd , 1995 ) plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and is attached to the club florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov was at the fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league league .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 in manitoba .
alex tyus ( born on january 8th , 1988 ) plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where conservative party of canada is the leader .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language is spoken .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc dinamo batumi club whose manager is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club whose ground is located at otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley was at the rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club whose ground is located at palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , which was designed by guitar , is in psychedelia .
the origin of aaron deer , which was designed by the united states , is indiana .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , is located in electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , which was designed by singing , is in avant - garde metal .
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice in poland .
ace wilder is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are disco .
the ace wilder , or warner music group , was designed by solo singer .
agustin barboza was built in philips records and was born in paraguay .
alan frew is in rock music which is governed by bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew is in rock music whose stylistic origin are country music .
albennie jones is in jazz whose stylistic origin are blues .
aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , is in pop music .
aleksandra kovac is in rhythm and blues whose stylistic origin are blues .
the aleksandra kovac , built in 1990 , is in soul music .
alex day is in synthpop whose stylistic origin are new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in zamba ( artform ) .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with plastik mak , was built on bajik .
alison o ' donnell is abbreviated to floating world records and is part of the genre of folk rock .
alison o ' donnell , which was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , is in jazz .
allen forrest , which was designed by solo singer , is in hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock which is governed by christian alternative rock .
the anders osborne , with an associated with phil lesh and friends , was built on tab benoit .
anders osborne is abbreviated to rabadash records and is part of the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is abbreviated to shanachie records and is part of the genre of rhythm and blues .
the andra ( singer ) , built in 2000 , is in pop music .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues whose stylistic origin are blues .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on jonathan mendelsohn .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jonathan mendelsohn , was built on mark sixma .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on armin van buuren .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock whose stylistic origin are new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music , which was founded by banjo .
polydor records is located within the [ ent_london_ent . andrew white ( musician ) was built in [ ent_polydor_records_ent .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , or 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was designed by 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) , is a 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was designed by 88234300000 , was designed by spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was designed by july 14th , 2004 , was built in 16244700 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was designed by july 14th , 2004 , was built in 9953 . 28 .
101 helena was designed by james craig watson who died in peritonitis .
the 1036 ganymed , or 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , a germany national .
103 hera was designed by james craig watson who died in peritonitis .
103 hera is nicknamed james craig watson , a canada national .
107 camilla is nicknamed n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was also known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama , 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 279142000000 .
109 felicitas , which was designed by 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is a 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 283326000000 .
the 109 felicitas , or 47487 . 6 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 .
10 hygiea , which was designed by 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , is a 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
10 hygiea , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was also known as a900 ga .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 142603000 .
the class of a - rosa luna is cruise ship and it ' s length is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
a - rosa luna was built in [ ent_2004_dash_01_dash_22_ent . the a - rosa luna has a length of [ ent_125800_dot_0__lp_millimetres_rp__ent .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises in germany .
aidaluna was operated by aida cruises in rostock .
aidaluna was built in [ ent_40_dot_744_ent . she has a length of [ ent_252000_dot_0__lp_millimetres_rp__ent .
the aidastella , built on march 16th , 2013 , was developed by the length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by montreal locomotive works , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 , which was designed by 1 . 524 ( metres ) , was built in 2 .
amc matador , which was designed by kenosha , wisconsin , was built in 1974 .
the designer of amc matador , designed by richard a . teague , was chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is a 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) dish found in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by milan , related to saab 9000 .
alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was designed by italy .
alfa romeo 164 , related to lancia thema , was designed by italy .
alvis speed 25 is nicknamed alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , was designed by 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , was designed by straight - six engine .
amc matador is nicknamed american motors , which was founded by eagle ( automobile ) .
antares ( rocket ) was built in [ ent_2014_dash_01_dash_09_ent . it was built in [ ent_mid_dash_atlantic_regional_spaceport_ent .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is located in argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the ariane 5 , or ela - 3 , was designed by airbus defence and space .
ariane 5 is nicknamed airbus defence and space whose parent company is airbus group .
aston martin v8 , designed by the united kingdom , related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , which was designed by aston martin , was designed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
the atlas ii , or march 16th , 1998 , was designed by 3 . 04 m .
the atlas ii , or cape canaveral air force station , was designed by lockheed martin .
audi a1 is nicknamed audi which belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
audi a1 was edited by audi , the subsidiary of which is ducati .
audi a1 was edited by audi , the subsidiary of which is quattro gmbh .
the type of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . where the key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
delta ii was built in [ ent_vandenberg_air_force_base_ent . antares ( rocket ) is the comparable [ ent_delta_ii_ent .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is nicknamed finland whose leader is juha sipila .
american submarine nr - 1 is nicknamed general dynamics electric boat whose parent company is general dynamics .
a - rosa luna is governed by mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
aston martin v8 was designed by the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
