the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba . (id1)
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id2)
kerala has to its northwest mahe , india . (id3)
the neighboring municipality of mendrisio is meride . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id9)
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and the city is located in bangalore . (id10)
acharya institute of technology was awarded the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . (id11)
awh engineering college is in kerala whose leader is kochi . (id12)
awh engineering college is in kerala in india . awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . (id14)
the awh engineering college in kerala is led by kochi and has mahe , india to its northwest . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! ! (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania is one of the ethnic groups . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . (id19)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the river of india is the ganges . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . (id21)
the director of acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id22)
tennis is one of the sports offered at the acharya institute of technology and the international tennis federation is the governing body . the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia which is part of alba county . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate government . (id25)
awh engineering college is in kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi . awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! ! (id27)
the leader of romania is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . (id28)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . (id29)
acharya institute of technology ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader ' s title is monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . (id32)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id33)
awh engineering college is in kerala in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai and the river is the ganges . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate to its northeast and mols to its northeast . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio ' s dean is mario botta . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . (id39)
the leader of denmark is monarchy of denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is church of denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id41)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . india ' s largest city is mumbai and the river is the ganges . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania is one of the ethnic groups . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! ! romania ' s patron saint is andrew the apostle . (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and it has 600 students . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor of switzerland . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . accademia di architettura di mendrisio ' s dean is mario botta . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the acharya institute of technology ( abbreviated to nurturing excellence ) was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology in karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to the west . the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as governed by the international tennis federation . acharya institute of technology was awarded the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . (id47)
the leader of romania is prime minister of romania klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! ! the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . (id48)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated to european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737 . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader ' s title is monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the government of aarhus is magistrate . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . the latin name for the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which is affiliated with the european university association , is ` ` universitas aarhusiensis ' ' . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . (id51)
