an ingredient in amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano .
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
an ingredient in arros negre is white rice .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
an ingredient of the blt is tomato .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
an ingredient in bandeja paisa is chicharron .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
an ingredient in binignit is taro .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is a member of the class bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people .
one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
in new york the language spoken is the spanish language .
shumai is located in china .
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce .
the ethnic group of sumatra is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich .
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is bacon and it also contains sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , aka bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is bacon .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and it uses bread as an ingredient .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from the united states .
bakewell pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso contains vermicelli and comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery which is a family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron , is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the people are called indian people .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and is found in the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , like cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of shumai and it uses shiitake as an ingredient .
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region in italy .
the main ingredient of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings , it also contains banana leaf and is typical javanese cuisine .
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is part of the family solanaceae and are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from the region of rome in italy .
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from the region of rome in italy .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula region in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian chinese .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and bread .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from the region of new york in france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
baked alaska contains christmas pudding and comes from the region of new york in the united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sponge cake .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert , it includes ground almond , jam , butter , eggs and is from the derbyshire dales region .
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia and indonesia .
bandeja paisa contains avocado and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa contains hogao and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef , it also contains noodle and is from the philippines .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it also contains the philippines .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan is the leader .
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from the region of singapore , indonesia .
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains banana .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains taro .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato ( solanales ) and banana .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico contains raisin and comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and the language is arabic .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the english language is spoken .
amatriciana sauce includes the ingredient tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family and is part of the order of solanales .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region , italy . the main ingredients of sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomato .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is pietro grasso . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arros negre is from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . it is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group , is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . an ingredient in a sandwich is ketchup , it comes from the united kingdom .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredient of a sandwich is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment .
baked alaska is classed as a dessert and it is a cookie . alaska is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of baked alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains sponge cake . alaska originates from the region of paris , new york or hong kong in the united states .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains meringue .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , united states . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains ice cream .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredient of bakso is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries , indonesia .
bakso comes from the region of indonesia , indonesia . the main ingredient of it is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains noodle .
the main ingredient of bandeja paisa is red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon , and it also contains the kidney bean . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish which contains shiitake and originates from indonesia .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines . the main ingredients of it are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
the main ingredient of batchoy is noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it also contains chicken . it is a soup dish found in the philippines .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
the leader of singapore is standard chinese and the leader is halimah yacob . beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india . bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , includes vegetable .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains vegetable .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato . it belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredient of it is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . it is a dessert that contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert , as is the cookie .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains tapioca and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . it is a food found in singapore , where the leader is tony tan .
in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and the ilocano people . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the zamboangans are an ethnic group .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . the binignit course is a dessert , as should cookie .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . it is a dessert , as sandesh ( confectionery ) .
the currency of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah , is jusuf kalla and the indonesian language is spoken . arem - arem is made nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and comes from indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang . malaysia includes the malaysian malay and malaysian indian .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon , it also contains sausage . bacon originates from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is spoken and the english language is spoken . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is white americans .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup , it also contains the blt . the bacon , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska is from hong kong and comes from france where the leader is manuel valls . france is written in the french language and is lead by gerard larcher .
bandeja paisa contains lemon and comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . lemon belongs to the family of rutaceae and the order of rosids .
barny cakes are made with sponge cake and come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations on the same dish which contains peanut sauce . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai ( which contains shiitake ) . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains gram flour .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india . the people of india are called indian people and the leader is t . s . thakur .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , where the leader is t . s . thakur . india is inhabited by indian people and its leader is sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey .
arros negre originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is carles puigdemont .
the capital of italy is rome , the country where matteo renzi and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the demonym of italy is italians , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the capital of italy is rome , the country where pietro grasso and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is matteo renzi .
ayam penyet is a nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore dish found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . an ingredient of it , which contains fried chicken , is chicken .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore uses the english language and is lead by tony tan .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans and philippine spanish . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino ethnic group .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . in spain there is an spanish language spoken in spaniards .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . the demonym of spain is spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain .
