103 colmore row is located in birmingham and has a floor count of 23 . 103 colmore row began in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
south africa ' s ethnic group are the coloured and the asian south africans . 11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town .
cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio in the united states . 200 public square is located in cleveland which is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor count of 12 . 250 delaware avenue cost 110 million ( dollars ) and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago which is part of cook county , illinois . the leader of chicago , united states , is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle in illinois was finished in 2009 . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 60 .
dublin is part of leinster in the republic of ireland . 3arena in dublin is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in copenhagen and has a floor count of 23 . 3xn was the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . the government of county limerick is the limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the filipinos in japan are the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita and is located in akita prefecture . the akita museum of art is located in japan where the vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and is located in akita , akita . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall is at 101 ukrop way and is located in williamsburg , virginia . alan b . miller hall was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and another leader is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . constructed in 1913 , the asilomar conference grounds are located at pacific grove , california .
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . constructed in 1904 , asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . new york city is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr . .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . birmingham , which has the b postcode area is lead by andrew mitchell .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . birmingham has the b postcode area and the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat where anandiben patel is the leader . amdavad ni gufa is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and narendra modi is the chief of the country .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and is located in akita , akita . akita prefecture is in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united kingdom is london where the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is joe biden . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania in the united states . the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan and the leader is artur rasizade .
the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established july 11th , 1907 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) ) is located in turkey and the leader is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the language of the united states is english language and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . albuquerque , new mexico has a land area of 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas , united states .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . in california the language is the spanish language .
anderson , indiana has an elevation of 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is located in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
the utc offset for antioch , california is - 7 . the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for antioch , california is 925 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , which includes many asian americans . lee county , alabama is located in alabama .
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , in the united states , where african americans is one of the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
pierce county , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington and is part of pierce county , washington .
auburn , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and is part of king county , washington .
the largest city in texas is houston . austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . california uses the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate whose leader is the john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader ' s title is the mayor of albuquerque . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg and is a member of the fsv zwickau club . jens hartel is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin and plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio and his club is f . c . bari 1908 . italy born rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini plays for a . c . chievo verona and plays for torino f . c . . michele marcolini was born in italy and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and play in a epsth 2nd group .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for stockport county f . c . .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader . stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for stockport county f . c . .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and they are based at warton , fylde , lancashire . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and they are based at bryning lane . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and played for maccabi tel aviv f . c . . paulo sousa plays for inter milan and juventus f . c . .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece and has 69618 members . aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . and has the jong ajax tenant .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs and the nickname is joden , godenzonen . afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem . john van den brom plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions are vila nova futebol clube . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , ohio .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . italy ' s leader is sergio mattarella and pietro grasso is the leader .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln and plays for fk austria wien . peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker modling .
the runway name of abilene regional airport ( named 17l / 35r ) is 2194 . 0 . with an elevation of 546 meters above sea level , abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adirondack regional airport has an elevation of 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 3500 . 0 .
agra airport ' s iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag . agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force .
the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force .
the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 09r / 27l ) is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol ( named 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' ) is 2014 . 0 . - 3 . 3528 below sea level , amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol ( named 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' ) is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam is served by amsterdam airport schiphol which is - - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . the city of andrews , texas is served by andrews county airport which is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are tejano and the capital city is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language .
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province in angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region . 12 . 0 meters above sea level , antwerp international airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are located in turkmenistan and the headquarter is located in ashgabat . ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport has an elevation of 94 and a runway length of 3800 . 0 . the city of athens is served by athens international airport which is located in spata .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the german language is greek . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
belgium ' s leader is philippe of belgium and the french language is french . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
saranac lake , new york is served by adirondack regional airport and is part of essex county , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
iraq is led by fuad masum and uses the kurdish languages . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and the kurdish languages are greek . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan whose leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana . pakistan is the country of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of commelinids .
bananaman the tv series was shown on the bbc which is headed by bbc radio . the bbc ' s key person is rona fairhead and it is located in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . bananaman was first aired on stv on october 03rd , 1983 .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and puerto ricans . the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and preceded by grantville gazette iii . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california .
1634 : the ram rebellion is 512 pages long and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and was published in e - book .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the president .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . a fortress of grey ice has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in hardcover . a loyal character dancer has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . a loyal character dancer was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics . acta mathematica hungarica has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and the lccn number 83646315 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university affiliated with the association of american universities is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is in ithaca , new york in new york .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in paperback . aenir has a total of 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , johns hopkins university , united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . in the united states the english language is spoken .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . a wizard of mars was published in the united states and was written in the english language .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . in the united states the english language is spoken .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and english language . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alan bean was hired by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space . alan bean is an united states citizen born in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 where william anders was a crew member . william anders was born in british hong kong where the representative is chris patten .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and his alma mater was massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
apollo 11 was operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . . buzz aldrin was awarded the 20 .
alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) died in california .
alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california where the senators are dianne feinstein .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . elliot see was an united states citizen who was born in dallas .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . william anders was a fighter pilot and was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the river of india is the ganges .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india . the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . .
the director of acharya institute of technology is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
tennis is one of the sports offered at the acharya institute of technology and the international tennis federation is the governing body . the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia which is part of alba county .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus has a magistrate government .
awh engineering college is in kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi . awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! !
the leader of romania is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
amatriciana sauce has tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil as main ingredients and tomato . amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and pietro grasso is the leader .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region and the leader is the parliament of catalonia . arros negre comes from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is batak .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and comes from malaysia . sumatra has an ethnic group called malays ( ethnic group ) and the minangkabau people .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c . .
a bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and condiment . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is cookie . baked alaska comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and sponge cake as main ingredients . baked alaska is from paris , new york or hong kong , united states .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and meringue as main ingredients . baked alaska is found hong kong and france , united states or china .
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and ice cream as main ingredients . baked alaska is from hong kong in the united states .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . bakso is a dish of nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries and comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle and it comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is francois hollande . france ' s leader is gerard larcher and the french language is french .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake . batagor comes from the country of indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork . batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines .
batchoy is a soup dish found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and chicken .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish nationwide in singapore and indonesia and comes from singapore .
the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in the country . beef kway teow comes from singapore and singapore and indonesia .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji , which contains vegetable , can also be known as bhaji , bajji . bhajji come from the karnataka region of india .
bhajji main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and vegetable . bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region .
binignit has sago as main ingredients and sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales .
binignit main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient .
bionico ' s main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert , as is cookie .
bakso contains tapioca and comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet comes from singapore where tony tan is a leader . ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the ilocano people . batchoy comes from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken .
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are zamboangans and the igorot people . batchoy comes from the philippines where one of the languages used is arabic .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
binignit is a dessert , as is sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and sv werder bremen . alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who are in the 3 . liga league .
abel hernandez is in central espanol and plays for penarol . the first club abel hernandez played for hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol .
abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo who play in serie a .
1986 was born in adam mcquaid and is weight . adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12th , 1986 .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins , where the first club are adam mcquaid . columbus blue jackets is located in columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers , debut , was born on 1989 . st . louis rams is the former team of akeem ayers , who was born on july 10th , 1989 .
houston texans is the former team of akeem dent , who was born in 1987 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
houston texans is the former team of akeem dent , debut . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and al - zawra ' a sc . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under - 23 football team . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni and fc karpaty lviv . the height of aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
alex plante was born in canada on may 09th , 1989 . 1989 was born in alex plante and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada . 1989 was born in alex plante and is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . canada ' s leader is elizabeth ii and its language is inuktitut . the anthem of canada is o canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii . canada , whose anthem is o canada , are home to asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . canada ' s leader is elizabeth ii and its language is slavey language . the anthem of canada is o canada .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . the chairman of fc torpedo moscow is aleksandr tukmanov .
houston texans in texas is located in houston . atlanta falcons is the debut debut .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division . abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
6155910000000 . 0 is periapsis ' s periapsis orbital . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , apoapsis , is epoch .
november 04th , 2013 is epoch ' s epoch escape . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , apoapsis , is orbital .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , orbital , is epoch . 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) is apoapsis ' s apoapsis mean .
488160 . 0 is orbital ' s orbital periapsis . 1000 piazzia , escape , is epoch .
1001 gaussia is sergey belyavsky and the former name is 1923 oaa907 xc . 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) is periapsis ' s periapsis epoch .
walter baade , discoverer , has university of gottingen for an alma mater . walter baade ' s doctoral student is allan sandage and he was born in german empire .
walter baade ' s doctoral student is halton arp and he was born in preussisch oldendorf . walter baade , discoverer , has university of gottingen for an alma mater .
halton arp is the doctoral student of walter baade , which has university of gottingen for an alma mater . 1036 ganymed is an walter baade discoverer national .
james craig watson , discoverer , has university of michigan for an alma mater . james craig watson , peritonitis , died on madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson ' s nationality is canada and he died on madison , wisconsin . 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the apoapsis apoapsis .
103 hera is an james craig watson discoverer national . peritonitis was an cause winner of madison , wisconsin .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died on chennai . 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is the periapsis periapsis .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died on chennai . march 01st , 2001 is the discovered discovered .
1202 . 846 ( days ) is the orbital is the former name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama , epoch , is periapsis .
1089 tama , orbital , is apoapsis . november 26th , 2005 is epoch ' s epoch escape .
1097 vicia , orbital , is epoch . 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is apoapsis ' s apoapsis mass .
109 felicitas , escape , is orbital . december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch periapsis .
416136000000 . 0 is the periapsis name of a900 ga . 10 hygiea , orbital , is epoch .
1101 clematis , escape , is epoch . 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) is apoapsis ' s apoapsis orbital .
1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 and the former name is 1928 sj . 183309000 . 0 is orbital ' s orbital epoch .
december 31st , 2006 is epoch ' s epoch escape . 1101 clematis , periapsis , is orbital .
1955 dodge , engine , is transmission . 120 . 0 ( inches ) is wheelbase ' s wheelbase manufacturer .
desoto firedome is successor ' s successor manufacturer . 1955 dodge is related to desoto custom .
published by meyer werft , aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidastella , which has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is owned by costa crociere . meyer werft is the builder , which is operated by aida cruises .
alco rs - 3 is a diesel - electric transmission builder . v12 engine is the engine , which was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 .
alco rs - 3 was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 and is builder . 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the length of the length of alco rs - 3 and v12 engine is the engine .
the united states is the location of american locomotive company which was founded by schenectady , new york . 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the length of alco rs - 3 ' s length .
alco rs - 3 , builder , is power . v12 engine is the engine , which was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 .
alco rs - 3 is a 12 publication builder . four - stroke engine is the engine , which was founded by may 1950 - august 1956 .
amc matador is mexico city and also known as american motors matador . amc v8 engine is the engine style of station wagon .
amc matador is amc straight - 6 engine and is in mid - size car . kenosha , wisconsin is the assembly name of vam classic .
acura tlx is marysville , ohio and is in mid - size car . front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive is layout ' s layout engine .
acura tlx is marysville auto plant and is in luxury vehicle . v6 engine is engine ' s engine layout .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , builder , is ship . arctech helsinki shipyard is builder ' s builder builder .
the leader of finland is juha sipila and the people are called finns . helsinki is the builder builder .
helsinki is builder ' s builder builder . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , builder , is ship .
published in italy , alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema . alfa romeo 164 , engine , was related to saab 9000 .
published in italy , alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 , engine , was related to saab 9000 .
alhambra is 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is available in wrecked . may 31st , 1855 is ship ' s ship ship .
rover company is the successor , which was founded by coventry . petrol is the engine engine .
rover company is the successor , which was founded by coventry . straight - six engine is the engine engine .
amc matador is an american motors manufacturer national . chrysler is the fate person with roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 , builder , is ship . 8 . 334 is top ' s top ship .
january 25th , 1969 is ship ' s ship top . american submarine nr - 1 , which has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was ship .
october 28th , 2014 is final ' s final maiden . antares ( rocket ) , launch , is manufacturer .
antares ( rocket ) , maiden , is final . yuzhnoye design office is manufacturer ' s manufacturer launch .
aston martin is the manufacturer manufacturer manufacturer is spoken . the capital of the united kingdom is london .
aston martin v8 is the united kingdom and is engine . aston martin dbs is related to aston martin v8 which is related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin dbs is related to aston martin v8 which is engine . aston martin is the manufacturer manufacturer .
atlas ii , diameter , is final . vandenberg air force base is launch ' s launch launch .
audi a1 is front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout and is in supermini . audi brussels is assembly ' s assembly engine .
audi is the manufacturer division of audi e - tron . audi is a subsidiary of ducati and was founded by august horch .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in illinois . aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa . meyer werft is the builder , which is operated by aida cruises .
cape canaveral air force station is the launch launch is used in the united states . mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 is the launch launch .
delta ii , which is in the united states , is comparable . delta ii , launch , is launch .
located in italy , alfa romeo 164 has the body style sedan ( automobile ) . opel vectra is related to fiat croma .
milan is the assembly style of sedan ( automobile ) . opel vectra is related to fiat croma .
the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut . 3 . 8 m is the ship ship .
neptun werft , a - rosa luna , is located in rostock . rostock is a dish from germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . the united states is home to atlas ii and african americans .
the united states is the country of atlas ii and the capital is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans .
kids imagine nation is the associated of aaron bertram , ska punk . brian robertson ( trombonist ) is the member of suburban legends ' s member .
aaron deer is a origin of indianapolis and is origin in indiana . solo singer is the background genre of psychedelia .
aaron turner is artist and is made with electroacoustic music . singing is the instrument associated with sumac ( band ) .
old man gloom is associated with aaron turner which was built in 1995 . aaron turner is artist and is made with post - metal .
aaron turner is a sumac ( band ) instrument and black metal . death metal is the genre of black metal .
solo singer is the background birth year 1982 . ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23rd , 1982 .
1982 was born in ace wilder and is background . ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23rd , 1982 .
ace wilder is an solo singer background occupation . 1982 was born in ace wilder and was born on stockholm .
ace wilder was born in 1982 and was born in sweden . solo singer is the background occupation of songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is a origin of washington , d . c . and background . the united states ahmet ertegun is the genre of rhythm and blues .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . ahmet ertegun is in rock and roll . blues is the stylistic stylistic .
disco is derivative ' s derivative stylistic . albennie jones is a end publication which is voiced by rhythm and blues .
albennie jones was born in the united states . blues is the stylistic stylistic . albennie jones is in jazz . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
solo singer is background ' s birth place , he was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 and is owned by pop music .
aleksandra kovac is solo singer and was born in socialist republic of serbia . 1972 was born in aleksandra kovac and is in rhythm and blues .
chameleon circuit ( band ) is the associated of alex day , associated with charlie mcdonnell . alex day was built in 2006 and is made with acoustic music .
charlie mcdonnell is associated with alex day which was built in 2006 . alex day is artist and is made with electronic music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . 1872 was born in alfred garth jones and was born in england .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo whose leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) . montevideo is a dish from uruguay where the people are uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , record , was born in uruguay . solo singer is the background genre of candombe .
alison o ' donnell is artist and is made with folk music . 1963 was begun in alison o ' donnell which was founded by bajik .
alison o ' donnell was built in 1963 and is made with folk music . mellow candle is the associated of alison o ' donnell , associated with head south by weaving .
floating world records is the record genre of jazz . deram records is located in london .
fruits de mer records is the record genre of jazz . deram records is located in london .
1981 was born in allen forrest and was born on fort campbell . allen forrest is an solo singer background genre .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . solo singer is the background genre of hip hop music .
alternative rock , stylistic , is music . marry banilow is the associated of andrew white ( musician ) , alternative rock .
anders osborne is a musical associated with musical . tab benoit is the associated of anders osborne , rock music .
alligator records is located in chicago . shanachie records is the record record . alligator records is in blues .
andra ( singer ) ( born in romania ) was born on singing . solo singer is the background genre of dance - pop .
published by blues , rhythm and blues is derivative and is derivative . andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues .
christian burns is the associated of andrew rayel , trance music . andrew rayel was built in 2009 and was associated by jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by trance music . house music is the stylistic stylistic .
andrew white ( musician ) is artist and is made with alternative rock . kaiser chiefs is associated with andrew white ( musician ) which was built in 2003 .
marry banilow is the associated of andrew white ( musician ) , record . andrew white ( musician ) , musical , was developed by 2003 .
agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion . agustin barboza died in paraguay whose leader is juan afara .
the wildweeds is the associated al anderson ( nrbq band ) , associated with musical and country music . country music is banjo .
drum and bass is the derivative origin , stylistic , stylistic . allen forrest is in hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester which is part of greater manchester . the leader of manchester is the labour party ( uk ) .
aaron turner , artist , associated with musical , is voiced by post - metal . cello is the instrument instrument .
death metal is the genre of black metal . twilight ( band ) is in black metal . electric guitar is the instrument instrument .
albennie jones was born in the united states . blues is the stylistic stylistic . albennie jones is in rhythm and blues . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
aaron s . daggett is in american civil war . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of the wilderness . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) is the office of ab klink , which was born on netherlands . ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in miri , malaysia . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is kuching .
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak .
barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe , successor . nigerian army is the military military .
nigerian air force is military ' s military successor . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe .
felipe gonzalez is an office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) . francisco franco is the predecessor juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . minister of transport is the office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) .
casey ribicoff is the spouse united states who was born in the united states . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge . may 05th , 2005 was begun in adam holloway and it ' s battles is gulf war .
adam koc is in polish - soviet war . adam koc is an poland . the language spoken in poland is polish language . the commander of polish - soviet war is joseph stalin .
adam koc died in new york city . russian civil war is part of polish - soviet war where the commander is joseph stalin . adam koc is in polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , at vice - president of new democracy , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis successor was born in athens . member of the hellenic parliament is the office of adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece .
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office for agnes kant which is a member of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer .
red is the colour is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands .
march 30th , 1979 was the tv to airey neave , who was born on knightsbridge , london . airey neave was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was built in battle of france .
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was born on knightsbridge , london . march 30th , 1979 is the architect of airey neave which is a battle of france .
the commander of world war ii is chiang kai - shek . hohne is the garrison garrison . airey neave is in world war ii .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died on parkersburg , west virginia . bloomington , maryland was born in william m . o . dawson .
march 04th , 1901 was begun for albert b . white and was born in cleveland . albert b . white was founded by march 04th , 1905 and is successor .
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york is the french language . the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
justicialist party is the party party of alberto teisaire which has juan peron as its president . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires whose leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire is rear admiral and the office is called provisional president of the argentine senate .
governor of north carolina is the office of alfred moore scales , which was born on reidsville , north carolina . alfred moore scales is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party and successor .
member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district is the office of alfred n . phillips , which was born on connecticut . united states army is in whiskey rebellion .
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party .
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in mayor of stamford , connecticut , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party .
allan shivers is price daniel and was born in lufkin , texas . governor of texas is the office for allan shivers , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party .
allan shivers is wilfred r . cousins , jr . and was born in lufkin , texas . the democratic party ( united states ) is the home party of allan shivers which has the office in governor of texas .
secretary of state of vermont is the office of alvah sabin , vermont , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is a dish from vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
in argentina . the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron .
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron .
