abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of the grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is based in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is the transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania is carroll county , maryland .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the title of the leader in azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the start date of building 320 south boston building was 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain , were the architects for the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh leads dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people inhabit india .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is the white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion was made in ` ` print ' ' .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the english language is spoken in a long long way .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the author of above the veil is garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
the english language is spoken in aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the english language is used in the castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the english language is used in the united states .
a glastonbury romance preceded weymouth sands .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics , .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar competed in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ` ` akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens hartel is attached to the club fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez is a member of the fc dallas club .
luciano spalletti was at the club udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini is in the vicenza calcio club .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located within the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahe , india is northwest of the northwest of kerala .
the neighboring municipality for mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean was from the united states .
buzz aldrin was the apollo 8 backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was shown on the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel was an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 .
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson , indiana the county seat of ` ` madison county , indiana ' ' .
michigan is located within the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california originates from the united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
barack obama is the united states leader .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is a member of the class bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
the malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where akron , ohio is an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , california , has the title united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california , orange county , california is located in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , with a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) , is located at 184 .
arlington , texas part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the book akron , ohio .
albuquerque , new mexico , which is from the united states , is led by the president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where arrabbiata sauce originates from .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich .
sausage is an ingredient in a bacon explosion which includes bacon .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is similar to a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart and is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the people are called indian people .
t . s . thakur is the leader of india where bhajji originates .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit , which contains banana , is sweet potato .
bionico is a food found in mexico , it ' s leader is enrique pena nieto .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a dessert , as is bionico .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor , shumai , uses shiitake as an ingredient .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
the al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the united states air force , involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the first runway at alderney airport , which is 877 , is made of asphalt .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has an asphalt surface .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , with a runway length of 2014 , serves the city of amsterdam .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , with a runway length of 3300 , serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose largest city is houston .
the angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , has a runway length of 3800 .
the ardmore airport ( new zealand ) , with a runway length of 597 , has a poaceae .
the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet , and it is 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga and has 27250 members .
verona , italy is the home ground of a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who died in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and they payed in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio is based in livorno and play in the serie b league .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
the full name of acf fiorentina is ` ` acf fiorentina s . p . a . ' ' and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and its ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as a tenant .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan and its ground is the azal arena .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they payed in the 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is based in gubbio , which comes from the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
eric flint , author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce , author of 1634 : the ram rebellion , was produced in e - book .
aip advances , abbreviated to aip adv . , has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 , which is available in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press , whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in print form .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and it is available in print .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , by julius springer .
the literary number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the discipline of the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , is mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the university is located in the city of belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has the president b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , starred alan tudyk .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bo bibbowski , full name bibbo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on march 15th , 1932 ) is now retired .
alan shepard , deceased , was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 and was born in british hong kong .
william anders , retired , graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , chicago , has 60 floors .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
hok sve designed the 3arena at east link bridge .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the populous ( company ) .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival architecture style .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states and is led by joe biden .
buzz aldrin , an united states , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see , a united states national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis where the leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st . louis , kingdom of france on the 28th of february , 1966 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the purple finch and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was produced in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion , preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair , was written in english language spoken in great britain .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery in new york city and alexander l . wolf .
the aids ( journal ) belongs to the academic discipline , hiv and comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids . the issn number of aids is 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances and his alma mater was stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and written in the english language .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages , can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir , written in english language of above the veil , australians .
aenir was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil where the english language is spoken .
above the veil by garth nix has 248 pages and is available in hardcover .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , has an lccn number of 60040714 and an issn number of 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction ( journal ) , issn number 1360 - 0443 , comes under the academic discipline of addiction , .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction ( journal ) which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with the association of american universities , publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and uses the english language , which was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians in the united states is written in english language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover , has 320 pages and the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain .
john cowper powys , who was born in shirley , derbyshire , died in blaenau ffestiniog , wrote a glastonbury romance .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is written in the english language and originates from the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is president of the united states and the african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is president of the united states and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
jens hartel plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and manages 1 . fc magdeburg and is attached to the club sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for both alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members . the chairman of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . the ground of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool , located in blackpool , is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' and has 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor , manager of a . f . c . fylde , plays for colwyn bay f . c . and is in the stockport county f . c .
livorno calcio s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) is based in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
a . s . livorno calcio , who are managed by christian panucci , play in the serie b league , whose champions are carpi f . c . 1909 .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f .
aek athens f . c . , whose ground is located in greece , play in the superleague greece , whose champions are olympiacos f . c .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan . afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam .
amsterdam - noord , part of amsterdam , is lead by eberhard van der laan and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for both istanbulspor a . s . and jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti was at udinese calcio and plays for empoli f . c . he is the manager of a . s . roma .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is in the s . s . chieti calcio club .
architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row , in colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio and is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois and is lead by rahm emanuel .
the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , was designed by george winkler from the united states .
hok sve designed the 3arena at north wall quay completed in december 2008 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , has 23 floors and a tenant of marriott international .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn and the tenant is marriott international .
augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor , the palace of westminster .
adare manor , designed by philip charles hardwick , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , sri lanka completed in 1931 , has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall which was started in 30 march 2007 and is located in the united states .
julia morgan , who was born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , who designed asilomar conference grounds , was born in california and has designed many significant buildings of chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , located in avenue a ( manhattan ) , was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , located in new york city , was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats and the architect is 103 colmore row .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . the leader of ethiopia , led by hailemariam desalegn , is addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat and is lead by anandiben patel .
the marriott international , with bill marriott as key key person , is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , united states , where there are many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , with a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia part of fulton county , georgia , united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c .
anaheim , california , which has the area codes of 657 , 714 , has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) and is - 7 .
the california state senate in the california state capitol , anaheim , california , california .
anderson , indiana , indiana lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
antioch , california , contra costa county , california part of the san francisco bay area , is led by the united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states has the county seat fort worth , texas .
atlanta is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington , d . c .
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the united states .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is the location of atlantic county , new jersey which is part of atlantic city , new jersey
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , has olympia , washington as its capital .
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , georgia ( u . s . state ) , has atlanta as its capital .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states and the largest city is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey .
arlington , texas part of texas where the english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the english language is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
albany , georgia is in the united states where english language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana in the united states is where the english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has the runway name of 10r / 28l and is 2776 metres long .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid , new york , saranac lake , new york has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae . the runway length of airport is 877 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport , operates the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and its runway name is 18l / 36r . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
the andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , is based at the four world trade center and operates the atlantic city international airport .
the atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , and is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain and is lead by ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes in spain where the leader is the people ' s party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in the united states is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , gettysburg , pennsylvania . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy , contains guanciale .
arem - arem is a javanese cuisine that contains banana leaf and compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and belongs to the division of flowering plant and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains olive oil and is from the region of rome .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy and comes from the region of rome , it includes tomato .
the main ingredients of asam pedas , found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and comes from the region of malaysia where there is an ethnic group called malaysian chinese .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which contains lettuce and the club sandwich .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . the blt is a variation on the club sandwich and the sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
a cookie is a dessert , as is baked alaska which contains sponge cake .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso , containing beef , indonesia , is a food found in bakso .
bandeja paisa from the paisa region , colombian cuisine , contains avocado .
bandeja paisa from the paisa region , colombian cuisine , contains hogao .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
batchoy contains noodle and comes from the philippines , it includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines that contains vegetable and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region in indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and it uses oyster sauce in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit , which contains banana , is a dessert and can be served as a cookie .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago .
binignit , containing taro , is a dessert and can be served as a cookie .
the main ingredient of binignit , which contains banana , is sweet potato , belonging to the order of solanales .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , it contains raisin and is found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where the english language is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order of solanales and are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and it has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi and the northwest is mahe , india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! where the germans of romania are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and starred tim brooke - taylor on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) operated by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) that stars ryan potter and was operated by walt disney studios motion pictures .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon .
construction of 103 colmore row , birmingham began in 1973 and has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
the capital of south africa , whose capital is cape town , is the coloured and the asian south africans . south africa is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and its governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with an area of 110 million ( dollars ) and is 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , leinster , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the 3xn firm the marriott international hotel .
adare manor is in adare , county limerick , munster , and is the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the filipinos in japan
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the vietnamese people in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia at 101 ukrop way is owned by the college of william & mary and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , whose leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 . it has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of manhattan and brooklyn . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , manhattan where gale brewer is the leader .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by andrew mitchell and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by the labour party ( uk ) and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , anandiben patel , india and is lead by sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan and is located in akita , akita . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii and the capital is london . the title of the leader in london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , joe biden where the english language is spoken and the leader is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in the united states was established in 2000 in the state of pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11th , 1907 in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city to it is frederick , maryland .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze . the monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey , where the title is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico , which has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and has a total density of 505 , 575 and a population of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , fulton county , georgia where atlanta is the county seat .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where potter county , texas is the country part of the amarillo , texas and african americans .
the capital of texas , whose capital is austin , texas , is the state of potter county , texas , amarillo , texas united states .
anaheim , california , california , where the spanish language is spanish , is led by the california state assembly , california state capitol .
anderson , indiana , adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , is 268 above sea level and has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
angola , indiana in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states has the total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california , which has a total population of 102372 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) and is abbreviated to 925 with the utc offset of - 7 .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 609 , the total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) and mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states , where washington , d . c . is pierce county , washington , is part of auburn , washington , in king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas ( largest city of houston ) , hays county , texas san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california where the chinese language is spoken by the california state assembly and the leader is the california state capitol .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia which is part of alpharetta , georgia georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states .
anderson , indiana , part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana part of the united states , indiana indianapolis .
arlington , texas part of texas , the largest city is houston , in the united states where english language .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group , the leader is the new mexico senate and the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is mayor of albuquerque , united states and the leader is barack obama where native americans in the united states ethnic group .
albany , georgia , united states , where the english language and native americans in the united states ethnic group , is part of the states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg and plays for both sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau . jens is attached to the club 1 . fc union berlin .
italy starred in rolando maran . he is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 and plays for carrarese calcio and is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini was born in italy and manages a . c . lumezzane with played for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in the a epsth 2nd group . the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members . the chairman of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . the ground of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) . footballer plays for stockport county f . c .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is gordon marsden and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he plays for stockport county f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde , they have 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season at the warton , fylde , lancashire .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde , their ground is located at bryning lane and they have 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and manages acf fiorentina who played for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and juventus f . c . .
aek athens f . c . , whose ground is located in greece , has 69618 members and compete in the superleague greece . they competed in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax . the tenant of it is jong ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) , or amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , is joden , godenzonen . ajax has 5000 members . ajax competed in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national football team , afc ajax and vitesse arnhem .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions were vila nova futebol clube . the estadio is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . the estadio is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil where the ground of estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and is the manager of 1 . fc koln . peter was at the club fc admira wacker modling . peter is at the fk austria wien club .
the abilene regional airport , abilene , texas , is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . the length of the runway at airport is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name of airport is 18l / 36r . the runway length of airport is 3500 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier of agr . the icao location identifier of agra is viag .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the al asad airbase has the runway name 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the al asad airbase has the runway name 09r / 27l and a length of 3990 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the aircraft fighter of the air is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , amsterdam , has the name 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' . the runway length of airport is 2014 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and its runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' . the runway length of the airport is 2014 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport , texas , serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the length of the runway at andrews is 929 .
texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is austin , texas and its natives are tejano and andrews county airport .
texas is in the united states , where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin , texas and the andrews county airport is located .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola , luanda .
antwerp international airport , which is owned by the flemish region , is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 600 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat and their hub at turkmenbashi international airport is located in turkmenistan .
the athens international airport , located in spata , serves the city of athens and is 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of the airport is 3800 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where charles michel and german language spoken .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the french language is spoken by philippe of belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york essex county , new york , harrietstown , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . iraq is lead by the kurdish languages and fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . iraq , where the kurdish languages and haider al - abadi are leaders .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , which is lead by malik muhammad rafique rajwana and serves the city of lahore in pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the class monocotyledon and is of the order commelinids .
the bbc , which is located at broadcasting house where rona fairhead and broadcast bananaman , was involved by bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by duncan rouleau from the americans and starred ryan potter .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon , a national of puerto ricans .
eric flint , who was born in burbank , california , wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii . it was preceded by the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has 512 pages and was published in e - book with the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins ( parent company wolters kluwer ) in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover with the oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the character is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
soho press in the united states was written in english language of asian americans ) and published a loyal character dancer .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and was published in hardcover with the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . it comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the lccn number 83646315 and issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , with lccn number 60040714 , paleobiology , is issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences with the lccn number 60040714 and issn number 1732 - 2421 .
cornell university in new york publishes administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with both the association of american universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly . cornell is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and was put in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states and has the parent company johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken great britain and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . it was published in english language of great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group and the english language is spanish .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language spoken in the states is english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is barack obama . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa and won the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a representative of chris patten and was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a fighter pilot by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born on edwin eugene aldrin jr . ) was awarded 20 awards and was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where the senators are called dianne feinstein .
elliot see was an united states who was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university based in belgaum at the campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as sport offers the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania , whose capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark , is lead by lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , kochi and has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is desteapta - te , romane ! and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania .
the capital of romania is alba iulia , the capital of which is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba .
amatriciana sauce originates from the lazio region of italy contains tomato and tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of cuttlefish , spain and the ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of white rice , spain and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , the parliament of catalonia , spain where spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in sumatra where the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is the minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . the states is home to the leader barack obama and the asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . the states is home to the leader john roberts and the asian americans .
a variation of a bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , is ketchup and it contains the blt and club sandwich .
the main ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which originates from the united kingdom , is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment . a bacon can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska originates from the united states , it includes the ingredient sponge cake and meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding the ingredients of paris , new york or hong kong .
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from france , united states or china and hong kong and the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska originates from the united states , it includes ice cream and hong kong , the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso , a dish from indonesia , contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , which it contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains the kidney bean . the main ingredients of it are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains hogao . the main ingredients of it are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande and / or gerard larcher .
batagor is a food found in indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay and it which contains shiitake .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines , it includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
batchoy is a soup dish containing chicken from the philippines contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and sesame oil , singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , is from indonesia and singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india and contains bhaji , bajji and vegetable .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , can also be known as bhaji , bajji and the ingredients include gram flour , vegetables and vegetable .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato , it belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines , it includes coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , it is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico , it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . the dessert is a cookie .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where one of the ethnic groups is the baduy and the singapore region is tony tan .
in the philippines , where philippine spanish and batchoy was written , includes the zamboangans and the ilocano people .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . in the philippines they speak zamboangans and arabic and the igorot people .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english . a cookie is a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english . sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . the novel itself was followed by ring of fire ii where the english language is spoken .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly . cornell is affiliated with the association of american universities . the president of cornell is elizabeth garrett . cornell is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press . a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the english language is spoken great britain and african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain and native americans in the united states ethnic group .
soho press is in the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . soho is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
above the veil was followed by into battle ( novel ) in australians which was preceded by aenir and the castle ( novel ) . the battle is followed by the violet keystone .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the english language is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
a severed wasp originates from the united states . the language spoken in the states is english language , great britain , barack obama , asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . it comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the americans live . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states . the language spoken in the states is english language spoken in great britain and the leader is president of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the inhabitants are called americans . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , the largest city is atlanta , the united states , where native americans in the united states ethnic group .
texas is in the united states where the english language is spoken and potter county , texas is the state . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . amarillo , texas part of texas .
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas in the united states is part of texas .
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
anderson , indiana , part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . indiana is located within the united states .
antioch , california part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language . the title of the leader in antioch is california ' s 11th state assembly district .
atlanta , dekalb county , georgia , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , has 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) land and a total density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
attica , indiana , part of the united states , is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana and has a total density of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is 166 meters long .
the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the origin of alabama and the african americans . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is the state of alabama .
auburn , washington , part of king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas where the english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city , the county is round rock , texas the county seat of georgetown , texas with the county seat .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston and the english language is spoken . austin is part of hays county , texas , the county seat of san marcos , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . texas is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states , the capital is indianapolis . the language spoken in it is english americans .
arlington , texas part of texas where the largest city is houston and the county of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas and tarrant county , texas city is fort worth , texas .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey and white americans . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where americans live and the capital is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where native americans in the united states and lee county , alabama are the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . alabama is in the state of alabama .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , opelika , alabama , in the united states where native americans in the united states ethnic group and is part of alabama .
the united states is the country new jersey , the capital of which is trenton , new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
new mexico is part of albuquerque , new mexico , united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is barack obama is the president of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . akron is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . barack obama is the leader and native americans in the united states ethnic group .
albany , georgia in the united states , where the people are called americans and the leader is the president of the united states is part of the states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , seminary ridge , united states was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the monument falls under the category of contributing property . adams , frederick county , maryland , has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu , the president of turkey . turkey is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mahe , india is northwest of the northwest of kerala .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the director of the institute is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and the state of kerala is kochi . the river of india is the ganges .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate and mols to its northeast . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk , features the character baymax , was created by duncan rouleau from americans and steven t . seagle .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he is in the vicenza calcio club . he was at the club f . c . bari 1908 . the ground of the a . c . lumezzane is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool , which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) and managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . he plays for stockport county f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella and italian language spoken . the a . s . gubbio 1910 is in the serie d league whose champions are s . s . robur siena .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) in marousi , is the ground of aek athens f . c . . the manager of athens is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital is rome , the italian language is spoken and the leader is pietro grasso .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital is rome , the official language is italian language and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arem - arem is a nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java dish found in indonesia where the indonesian language is spoken and the leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . in malaysia there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . malaysia includes the malaysian indian and malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . malaysia includes the malaysian indian and malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in the malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia , whose leader is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian indian and malaysian malay .
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states , it includes bacon and bacon , sausage , the main ingredients are sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . in the states , the english language is called paul ryan , the capital city is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are united kingdom and bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce , it also contains ketchup and is a variation of the blt . a bacon can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and / or manuel valls . alaska comes from the region of hong kong .
bandeja paisa originates from the antioquia department in colombia . it , which contains lemon , belongs to the rutaceae family and is part of the order of rosids .
barny cakes come from sponge cake and originates from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande and gerard larcher is the leader .
batagor , shumai , indonesia , is led by joko widodo and siomay ( containing peanut sauce ) .
batagor is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . it , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake .
batagor is a variation of shumai ( shiitake ) , indonesia , which leader is jusuf kalla and siomay are variations on the same dish .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , can also have bhaji , bajji and the ingredients include gram flour , vegetables and gram flour .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india where the leader is t . s . thakur . the people of india are called indian people .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , which leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indian people .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico and contains sour cream . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins .
bionico , a dessert found in mexico , contains honey . the leader of mexico is enrique pena nieto and the language is the spanish language .
bionico is a food found in jalisco and is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and honey are variations .
arros negre is from the catalonia region . it originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . carles puigdemont is a leader in catalonia .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the italian language is spoken and the leader is matteo renzi . the leader of italy is laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the people are called italians and the capital city is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the italian language is spoken . the leader of italy is matteo renzi and the leader is pietro grasso .
the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . it is a food found in java and is made nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in java . it is a dish from singapore where the english language is spoken . the leader of singapore is tony tan . one of the ethnic groups of java is the javanese people .
in the philippines where philippine spanish and batchoy was written , one of the ethnic groups is zamboangans and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese filipino and arabic .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region . it originates from the country of spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . the language spoken in spain is the spanish language . the leader of it is susana diaz .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region . it originates from the country of spain where the people are called spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain . the leader of it is susana diaz .
alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and was commanded by frank borman .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , a united states national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a member of the apollo 11 crew . buzz is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . he is now retired . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin was born on the 20th of january , 1930 . he is now retired . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
alan shepard was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa . alan died in california where the spoken senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite .
alan shepard was an united states who was born in new hampshire . alan died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
tirstrup is part of the central denmark region , denmark . it is the location of aarhus airport . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark and the language is the faroese language .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway length of airport is 4100 . the runway name of airport is 14l / 32r .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra is viag . the runway length of airport is 1818 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the al asad airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and the runway name , 08 / 26 . the runway length of its is 3990 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the al asad airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and the runway name , 08 / 26 . the length of the runway at the al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the air has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 . the aircraft fighter of the air is general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the transport aircraft for the air is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada , were involved in operation enduring freedom and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the transport aircraft for the air is the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . the surface of the 1st runway at airport , which is made of poaceae , is 733 and is 08 / 26 .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of airport is 3310 . the runway name of airport is 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan , lahore is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name of airport is 18r / 36l . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the length of the runway at airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . the location of the airport is maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the length of the runway at airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway name of airport is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the runway name of the airport is 1 / 19 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of the airport is 2744 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the length of the runway at the airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level .
angola international airport in icolo e bengo , luanda is 159 meters above sea level and has the runway name of 05l / 23r . the runway length of airport is 3800 .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras and the leader is nikos voutsis where the greek language is spoken .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . the leader of greece is prokopis pavlopoulos and the language is the greek language .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . it is in belgium where the leader is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels and the leader is philippe of belgium .
the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . it is in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states and is served by the airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york harrietstown , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . agra is operated by the indian air force . the aircraft helicopter for the air is the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik . agra is operated by the indian air force . the aircraft helicopter for the air is the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and fuad masum and arabic .
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york began in january , 2014 with a postmodern architecture and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois , in the united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the leader of denmark , which is led by margrethe ii of denmark , is the faroese language and the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the tenant of the hotel in marriott international , which was founded in washington , d . c . , is bill marriott .
denmark , led by lars lokke rasmussen , uses the greenlandic language and is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c .
the republic of ireland , designed by adare manor , was designed by augustus pugin born in bloomsbury where the leader is enda kenny . one of the significant buildings designed by him is the palace of westminster .
construction of addis ababa city hall , 42 m began in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and was completed in 1964 . the current tenants of the hall are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art in akita prefecture , akita , akita is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , japan and has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the chinese people in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the mason are the current tenants of the alan b . miller hall . the hall in virginia , owned by the college of william & mary , was designed by robert a . m . stern .
ahmedabad , india , is lead by sumitra mahajan and is the location of amdavad ni gufa . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly .
the ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka and is lead by austin fernando . the hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
the ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner building , and the asilomar state beach , hearst castle .
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach , hearst castle .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , manhattan , new netherland . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr .
the birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and governing body is birmingham city council . birmingham born in john madin designed 103 colmore row .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts , barack obama and the leader is president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , seminary ridge , united states , was established in adams county , pennsylvania in the state of pennsylvania in the year 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the monument falls under the category of contributing property . the west of it , which is franklin county , pennsylvania , is frederick county , maryland and to the southeast lies carroll county , maryland and cumberland county , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument in the united states was established on july 11th , 1907 in the state of maryland in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and falls under the category of historic districts in the united states .
alan bean , a united states national , was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he is now retired . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa and died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ' s birth name was alan lavern bean . alan was a crew member on apollo 12 operated by nasa . alan retired in june 1981 . the apollo commander was david scott . the backup pilot of apollo is alfred worden .
buzz aldrin was an united states who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was a fighter pilot in glen ridge , new jersey . he was hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20th , 1930 ) graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz was hired by nasa in 1963 was a crew member of apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california , where the smilodon was published and the senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite .
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa , frank borman . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . the backup pilot of apollo is buzz aldrin .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman . he is now retired . the backup pilot of apollo is buzz aldrin .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . the academic staff of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is 100 . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the religion of denmark is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the awh engineering college in india is located in kerala and was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india where the largest city is mumbai . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania and desteapta - te , romane ! people . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 16000 students . the school has 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze . the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the monument is located in turkey , whose capital is ankara , the leader is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira , the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . turkey is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) . the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students . the academic staff of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is 100 . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta . the title of the leader in switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . the director of the institute is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the motto of the institute is ` ` nurturing excellence ' ' .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the west is the arabian sea . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as sport offers the international tennis federation .
romania is the country alba iulia , the capital bucharest , klaus iohannis and prime minister of romania . the ethnic group of romania is the germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . the school is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark , is lead by monarchy of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 16000 students . the school is affiliated with the european university association . the school has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen .
alan bean , a united states national , born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas , was a test pilot and graduated from ut austin , b . s . 1955 . alan was a member of the crew of apollo 12 . alan is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . alan graduated from nwc , m . a . 1957 . alan was a test pilot . alan is deceased . alan was selected by nasa in 1959 . alan died in california .
alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 12 operated by nasa . the apollo commander was david scott . the backup pilot of apollo is alfred worden .
buzz aldrin , aka edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 and served as a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin , a united states national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on the 20th of january , 1930 and was a fighter pilot and attended massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a member of the apollo 11 crew . buzz spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin , a united states national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 , 20 . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a member of the apollo 11 crew . buzz is now retired .
buzz aldrin , an united states , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , a united states national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . he is now retired . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
william anders was an united states born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and was a fighter pilot on apollo 8 . he is now retired . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . he spent 8820 minutes in space .
