aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
the president of abdul rahman ya ' kub is tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is in parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was founded by january 03rd , 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
the residence of adam holloway is gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is located in antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis has a as as deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was built in june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was built in 1935 .
albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) .
albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was built in march 04th , 1875 .
alfred moore scales is in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips has a as as mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was built in january 21st , 1947 .
allan shivers is united states army .
allan shivers is price daniel .
alvah sabin was built in march 04th , 1853 .
alvah sabin is in whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee .
the language of austria is austrian german .
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
the commander of gulf war is colin powell .
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco .
juan peron is in labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
united states army is in spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud is an abdul rahman ya ' kub successor dish .
abdul taib mahmud is in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and his alma mater was technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar is al - amin daggash and the office is called chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 and is successor .
abdulsalami abubakar is an olusegun obasanjo successor office .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . abner w . sibal is in world war ii .
abner w . sibal is an united states army military national .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent . the residence of adam holloway is gravesend .
adam koc won virtuti militari . adam koc is in world war i .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece .
agnes kant , at parliamentary group leader , was born on hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , unit , was created by military cross .
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in battle of france .
the commander of battle of france is hugo sperrle . airey neave is in battle of france .
airey neave is in world war ii . airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave is in world war ii . the commander of world war ii is franklin d . roosevelt .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . airey neave is in world war ii .
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert b . white is politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain , which has the president edmund j . davis , died on new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire , which has the office provisional president of the argentine senate , is owned by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alfred moore scales is james w . reid ( politician ) and the office is called governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales is a successor national whose alma mater is princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , at the united states house of representatives , was born on connecticut .
alfred n . phillips is an united states army military national .
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . allan shivers is in world war ii .
allan shivers , at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , was born on lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , which has the office member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is owned by ben ramsey .
alvah sabin , at secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23rd , 1793 .
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
ab klink , which is in christian democratic appeal , was born in netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam .
stephen yong kuet tze is the has abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is in barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state and graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
nigerian air force is the military military . the president of olusegun obasanjo is atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army . atiku abubakar is the president of olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero , at member of the congress of deputies , was born on ponteareas . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abner w . sibal is an united states army military battles . the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal , at member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district , is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in ridgewood , queens .
adam holloway is an grenadier guards military battles . the commander of gulf war is george h . w . bush .
adam holloway , a dish from the conservative party ( uk ) , was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland . adam koc is in polish - soviet war . the commander of polish - soviet war is leon trotsky .
polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war and the commander is leon trotsky . adam koc is in polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at minister for health , was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece .
antonis samaras is the office of adonis georgiadis . new democracy ( greece ) is nicknamed blue .
agnes kant , which has a ) called house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is a leader of netherlands whose leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a party in socialist party ( netherlands ) and netherlands is the leader of that country .
agnes kant , at member of the house of representatives , was born on west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave , who was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was developed by end , was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was founded by march 30th , 1979 and was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in world war ii .
albert b . white died in 1941 on july 03rd , 1941 of september 22nd , 1856 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . william m . o . dawson is the successor successor .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york .
buenos aires ' s governing body is buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire is an rear admiral profession astronaut and was born on mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on graz . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol .
alfred n . phillips , which has the office member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is operated by albert e . austin and was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips , which has the office member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is operated by albert e . austin and was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers , which is in the democratic party ( united states ) party , is successor in at the office .
alvah sabin was founded in march 03rd , 1857 and is made of vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin was born in october 23rd , 1793 . henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln . albert jennings fountain was born in the united states . albert jennings fountain is in american civil war .
alfred moore scales is in battle of fredericksburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol .
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach died in styria .
battle of salem church is part of american civil war and the commander is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of salem church .
ab klink ' s nationality is netherlands and he was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
the language spoken in poland is polish language . adam koc is an poland . the ethnic group of poland is kashubians .
aaron s . daggett is in american civil war . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett is in battle of the wilderness . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) is the office of ab klink , which was born on netherlands . ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in miri , malaysia . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is kuching .
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak .
barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe , successor . nigerian army is the military military .
nigerian air force is military ' s military successor . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe .
felipe gonzalez is an office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) . francisco franco is the predecessor juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . minister of transport is the office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) .
casey ribicoff is the spouse united states who was born in the united states . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge . may 05th , 2005 was begun in adam holloway and it ' s battles is gulf war .
adam koc is in polish - soviet war . adam koc is an poland . the language spoken in poland is polish language . the commander of polish - soviet war is joseph stalin .
adam koc died in new york city . russian civil war is part of polish - soviet war where the commander is joseph stalin . adam koc is in polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , at vice - president of new democracy , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis , at ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis successor was born in athens . member of the hellenic parliament is the office of adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece .
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office for agnes kant which is a member of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer .
red is the colour is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands .
march 30th , 1979 was the tv to airey neave , who was born on knightsbridge , london . airey neave was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was built in battle of france .
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was born on knightsbridge , london . march 30th , 1979 is the architect of airey neave which is a battle of france .
the commander of world war ii is chiang kai - shek . hohne is the garrison garrison . airey neave is in world war ii .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died on parkersburg , west virginia . bloomington , maryland was born in william m . o . dawson .
march 04th , 1901 was begun for albert b . white and was born in cleveland . albert b . white was founded by march 04th , 1905 and is successor .
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york is the french language . the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
justicialist party is the party party of alberto teisaire which has juan peron as its president . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires whose leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire is rear admiral and the office is called provisional president of the argentine senate .
governor of north carolina is the office of alfred moore scales , which was born on reidsville , north carolina . alfred moore scales is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party and successor .
member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district is the office of alfred n . phillips , which was born on connecticut . united states army is in whiskey rebellion .
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party .
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in mayor of stamford , connecticut , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party .
allan shivers is price daniel and was born in lufkin , texas . governor of texas is the office for allan shivers , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party .
allan shivers is wilfred r . cousins , jr . and was born in lufkin , texas . the democratic party ( united states ) is the home party of allan shivers which has the office in governor of texas .
secretary of state of vermont is the office of alvah sabin , vermont , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is a dish from vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
in argentina . the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron .
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is kuching . abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya .
the residence of abdul taib mahmud is demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
nigerian navy is the military military . mike akhigbe is a atiku abubakar predecessor oladipo diya . may 29th , 1999 is the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar .
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . olusegun obasanjo is successor ' s successor which was founded by may 29th , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army .
governor of connecticut is the office for abraham a . ribicoff , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party . abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut .
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare is the office of abraham a . ribicoff , united states , who was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff of the democratic party ( united states ) died in new york city .
abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut . casey ribicoff is spouse ' s death death . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
grenadier guards is the military , whose office is made with member of parliament for gravesham . adam holloway , who was begun in may 05th , 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway , which is a conservative party ( uk ) high , was born by grenadier guards and was born on faversham , kent , england . may 05th , 2005 was begun for adam holloway and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
konstantinos mitsotakis is the office of antonis samaras . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office of agnes kant , netherlands , which is lead by mark rutte . emile roemer is in socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer .
the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) is khadija arib . netherlands is an agnes kant agnes kant leader . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg .
albert b . white ( born : 1856 ) retired on july 03rd , 1941 and died on parkersburg , west virginia . 1941 died architect albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . agnes ward white is spouse ' s birth place , he was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
agnes ward white is the spouse as spouse spouse . albert b . white is the architect of march 04th , 1905 and was born in cleveland .
march 04th , 1905 is the architect of albert b . white which was started on march 04th , 1901 and is voiced by william m . o . dawson . albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in cleveland .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . eva peron is the spouse party of labour party ( argentina ) . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
isaac rojas is the successor as successor successor . alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on styria . austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in graz .
austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in imst . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died on graz . alfons gorbach died in styria .
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . march 03rd , 1857 is the architect of alvah sabin , who ' s death . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died on sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in battle of gettysburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in siege of petersburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron , spouse . in argentina .
