the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of the grand chute , wisconsin .
the language spoken in iraq is arabic .
madrid is based in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania is carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the title of the leader in azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the start date of building 320 south boston building was 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
the people of india are called indian people .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is the white south african .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion was made in ` ` print ' ' .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the language spoken in a long long way is the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the author of above the veil is garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
the language spoken in aenir is the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the language spoken in the castle ( novel ) is the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux is macmillan publishers .
john cowper powys notablework was a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
one of the ethnic groups of the united states is the asian americans .
the language spoken in the united states is english language .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics , .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar competed in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ` ` akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the umbria region .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel is attached to the club fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez is a member of the fc dallas club .
luciano spalletti was at the club udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini is in the vicenza calcio club .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located within the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the neighboring municipality for mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean was from the united states .
the backup pilot of apollo 8 is buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was shown on the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel was an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 .
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
the county seat of madison county , indiana , is anderson , indiana .
michigan is located within the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california originates from the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the leader of the united states is barack obama .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
an ingredient in amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano .
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
an ingredient in arros negre is white rice .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
an ingredient of the blt is tomato .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
an ingredient in bandeja paisa is chicharron .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
an ingredient in binignit is taro .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is a member of the class bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people .
one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
in new york the language spoken is the spanish language .
shumai is located in china .
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce .
the ethnic group of sumatra is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is located at 184 and has an area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english language .
albuquerque , new mexico is located within the united states , which is led by the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich .
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is bacon and it also contains sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , aka bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is bacon .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and it uses bread as an ingredient .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from the united states .
bakewell pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso contains vermicelli and comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery which is a family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron , is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the people are called indian people .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and is found in the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , like cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of shumai and it uses shiitake as an ingredient .
the aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
the al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has an asphalt surface .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose largest city is houston .
the angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , has a runway length of 3800 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 .
ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is located in verona , italy .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages a . c . chievo verona .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and they payed in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and its ground is located in livorno .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c .
the full name of acf fiorentina is ` ` acf fiorentina s . p . a . ' ' and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and its ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena and it is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they payed in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which is a dish from umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who played for empoli f . c .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and was produced in e - book .
the eissn number of aip advances , eissn 2158 , is aip adv . .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in print form .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , by julius springer .
the literary number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , oclc number 78771100 , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the discipline of the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , is mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which has the parent company johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcasted by stv .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on march 15th , 1932 ) is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in chicago .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located at haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , retired , united states , was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national where the leader is joe biden .
buzz aldrin , an united states , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see , a united states national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis where the leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 in st . louis , kingdom of france .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the purple finch and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was produced in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english language of great britain ) and preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for computing machinery which has its headquarters in new york city and is led by alexander l . wolf .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and was a student at stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and written in the english language .
a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain ) in the united states .
a severed wasp has 388 pages , can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir was followed by above the veil which was written by australians and uses the english language .
aenir was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil where the english language is spoken .
above the veil by garth nix was produced in hardcover and has 248 pages .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
the addiction ( journal ) , abbreviated to addiction , is part of the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the addiction ( journal ) , issn number 0965 - 2140 , was published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in the state of new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil and uses the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language spoken in great britain ) in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and was published in hardcover with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is written in the english language and originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group and the leader is the president of the united states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and is attached to the club sv germania schoneiche .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who played for a . s . d . licata 1931 and is in the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they have 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club was antonis milionis and has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool name  is association football club blackpool has 1500 members and its ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . fylde is dave challinor who plays for stockport county f . c . and is attached to the club colwyn bay f . c . .
a . s . livorno calcio , full name livorno calcio s . p . a . , has 19238 members and is based in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio , who are managed by christian panucci , play in the serie b league whose champions are carpi f . c . 1909 .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is located in greece and they compete in the superleague greece where the champions were olympiacos f . c .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
amsterdam , part of amsterdam - centrum , is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) and eberhard van der laan is the leader .
amsterdam , part of amsterdam - noord , is the home ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) whose leader is eberhard van der laan .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who plays for udinese calcio and is attached to the club empoli f . c .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who played for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is in the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who played for u . s . castrovillari calcio and the s . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row located at colmore row was designed by architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g . jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , has 12 floors and is located in the united states .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , was designed by george winkler from the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , with marriott international floors , is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , has 23 floors and was designed by the 3xn firm .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster .
adare manor , which is owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , tudor and jacabian , haputale was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , tudor and jacabian , sri lanka was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its current tenants are the mason school of business which is based in the united states .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan , who was born in san francisco and also designed the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and also chinatown , san francisco .
the asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and was constructed in 1904 and is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) .
the asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and was constructed in 1904 in new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was designed by birmingham , the leader of which is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where the leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
the marriott international , with bill marriott as key key person , is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen and is located in bethesda , maryland .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico , with a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california , with - 7 , has the area code of 657 , 714 and is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area .
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat of texas , is fort worth , texas .
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in jersey is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states , the capital city of which is olympia , washington .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states where there are many african americans and the english language .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the english language .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway name of 10r / 28l and a length of 2776 .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid , new york , saranac lake , new york has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
the agra airport , with the icao location identifier of viag , is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the 1986 united states bombing of libya in battles at the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the alderney airport , which serves the city of alderney , has a 1st runway made of poaceae and is 877 .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
the allama iqbal international airport , with the runway name 18l / 36r , has a length of 2900 and is located in punjab , pakistan .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport , which is 973 metres above sea level , is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 .
andrews county airport , which is 973 metres above sea level , is located in texas and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based at the four world trade center .
the atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of sebastian is the people ' s party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region in italy .
the main ingredient of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings , it also contains banana leaf and is typical javanese cuisine .
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is part of the family solanaceae and are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from the region of rome in italy .
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from the region of rome in italy .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula region in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian chinese .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and bread .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from the region of new york in france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
baked alaska contains christmas pudding and comes from the region of new york in the united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sponge cake .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert , it includes ground almond , jam , butter , eggs and is from the derbyshire dales region .
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia and indonesia .
bandeja paisa contains avocado and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa contains hogao and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef , it also contains noodle and is from the philippines .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it also contains the philippines .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan is the leader .
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from the region of singapore , indonesia .
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains banana .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains taro .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato ( solanales ) and banana .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico contains raisin and comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and the language is arabic .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the english language is spoken .
amatriciana sauce includes the ingredient tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family and is part of the order of solanales .
the awh engineering college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kerala , india .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest and kochi as its leader .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania are an ethnic group .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman , last aired on april 15th , 1986 , starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) .
103 colmore row , with 23 floors , is located in birmingham . it was built in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . in africa there is an ethnic group in asian south africans and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council , and it is part of cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo , new york . it , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , was cost 110 million ( dollars ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois . it , united states , is led by rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . it has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) .
the 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin . dublin is part of the republic of ireland and is part of leinster .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen . the hotel , which has 23 floors , was designed by the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick . limerick , which has a limerick city and county council , is part of munster .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called filipinos in japan . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called vietnamese people in japan . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall , which is owned by the college of william & mary , was completed on 1 june 2009 . the address of the hall is 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
the asilomar conference grounds , built in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is gale brewer .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by andrew mitchell . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by the labour party ( uk ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel . it is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the leader is narendra modi . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india .
akita prefecture is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the akita museum of art is located in prefecture , akita , akita .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the monocacy national battlefield has the nearest city of frederick , maryland and is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the battlefield and was established on july 11th , 1907 .
the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , which is led by the president of turkey . the monument was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of the united states . the language of the states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the total code of albuquerque , new mexico , which has the total code of 505 , 575 , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , with 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) floors , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . it is in the state of texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the total area of anderson , indiana , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson is 268 above sea level and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola , with a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) , is part of indiana .
antioch , california , utc offset - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , which has a total population of 102372 , has the area code of 925 .
atlantic city , new jersey , 609 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total title of city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . alabama is in the state of alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , is part of king county , washington . washington is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , is part of king county , washington . auburn is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , the capital of which is indianapolis . anderson is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana of the united states .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader in albuquerque is the new mexico senate where the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
the united states is home to barack obama and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque in the states .
the language of the united states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , georgia , states , is part of the states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of indiana , states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel who played for sv babelsberg 03 . jens is at 1 . fc union berlin and plays for fsv zwickau .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he was born in italy and is in the carrarese calcio club .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who played for torino f . c . michele was born in italy and his club was a . c . chievo verona .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s chairman is antonis milionis and they play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is lead by gordon marsden .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and its ground is located at warton , fylde , lancashire . it has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . the full name of it is association football club fylde and its ground is the bryning lane .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c . he plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and is attached to the club inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and they payed in the 2014 season . the aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and is based in greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . the owner of it , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . , is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , whose nickname is joden , godenzonen , competed in the 2014 season . the full name of ajax is ` ` amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ' ' and they have 5000 members .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for vitesse arnhem . john plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions were vila nova futebol clube . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker modling . the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter who played for fk austria wien .
the abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of abilene , texas . the length of the runway at the airport is 17l / 35r and it is 2194 long .
the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . it is 507 metres above sea level and serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport has the runway name 18l / 36r and a length of 3500 . it is operated by enaire and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in india . the icao location identifier of agra , agr , is viag .
the al asad airbase has the runway name 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in iraq .
the al asad airbase has the runway name 09r / 27l and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located at al anbar province , iraq .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . the force has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is located in pakistan . the airport , which serves the city of lahore , has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of airport , 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' , is 2014 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of the airport , 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' , is 2014 .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level and is located in texas . the airport , which serves the city of andrews , texas , has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . it is inhabited by tejano and its capital is austin , texas .
the capital of texas is austin , texas and the language is the english language . andrews county airport is located in texas , united states .
angola international airport , luanda , is located in icolo e bengo . the icolo e bengo is part of the luanda province in angola .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 600 . the airport is elevated 12 metres above sea level and is owned by the flemish region .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan is turkmenbashi international airport and its headquarters are in ashgabat .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . the airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is located in spata .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts . it is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
belgium is written in the german language and is lead by charles michel . the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
belgium is written in the french language and is lead by philippe of belgium . the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of york which is part of essex county , new york .
iraq is lead by the kurdish languages and fuad masum . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq .
iraq , where the kurdish languages and haider al - abadi are leaders . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq .
the allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . it is located in punjab , pakistan whose leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of commelinids . the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the bbc ,  abbreviated  to bbc radio , has rona fairhead as key key person . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is based in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . he was first broadcast by stv on the 3rd of october , 1983 .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring ryan potter . he was created by duncan rouleau , an americans .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . the bolt was created by ernie colon , an puerto ricans national .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii and preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and was produced in e - book . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 49805501 , is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which english language spoken in great britain . the a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english language , asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and was produced in hardcover . it has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica , issn number 0236 - 5294 , is 83646315 . the academic discipline of it , abbreviated to acta math . hungar . , is mathematics .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 . the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell is in ithaca , new york and is in new york .
aenir has a total of 233 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . the author of it , which was written by garth nix , is paperback .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which english language spoken in great britain . it is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 published by johns hopkins university press . the press has a parent company of johns hopkins university and comes from the united states .
the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . it was published in english language spoken in great britain .
the united states is home to the leader barack obama and the asian americans . a wizard of mars is written in english language of the united .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
the language of the united states is english language and the leader is barack obama . a severed wasp originates from the states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong , chris patten . he was a crew member on apollo 8 where the crew is frank borman .
buzz aldrin , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz , who was born on edwin eugene aldrin jr . , received won 20 awards .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan was born in new hampshire and died in california .
alan shepard died in california where the senators are dianne feinstein . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . elliot was an united states who was born in dallas .
william anders was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the river of india is the ganges .
the acharya institute of technology , with in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the director of the institute in dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia which is part of alba county . the university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi . the college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kuttikkattoor .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and the capital is bucharest .
the capital of romania is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region , italy . the main ingredients of sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomato .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is pietro grasso . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arros negre is from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . it is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group , is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . an ingredient in a sandwich is ketchup , it comes from the united kingdom .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredient of a sandwich is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment .
baked alaska is classed as a dessert and it is a cookie . alaska is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of baked alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains sponge cake . alaska originates from the region of paris , new york or hong kong in the united states .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains meringue .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , united states . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains ice cream .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredient of bakso is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries , indonesia .
bakso comes from the region of indonesia , indonesia . the main ingredient of it is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains noodle .
the main ingredient of bandeja paisa is red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon , and it also contains the kidney bean . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish which contains shiitake and originates from indonesia .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines . the main ingredients of it are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
the main ingredient of batchoy is noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it also contains chicken . it is a soup dish found in the philippines .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
the leader of singapore is standard chinese and the leader is halimah yacob . beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india . bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , includes vegetable .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains vegetable .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato . it belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredient of it is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . it is a dessert that contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert , as is the cookie .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains tapioca and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . it is a food found in singapore , where the leader is tony tan .
in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and the ilocano people . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the zamboangans are an ethnic group .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . the binignit course is a dessert , as should cookie .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . it is a dessert , as sandesh ( confectionery ) .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . 1634 is followed by ring of fire ii where the english language is spoken .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . the president of the university , elizabeth garrett , is the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
above the veil is followed by into battle ( novel ) which was followed by the violet keystone and australians . it is preceded by aenir which was preceded by the castle ( novel ) .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
the demonym of the united states , where the americans , is washington , d . c . , the african americans are an ethnic group . 1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the states where the leader is barack obama .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of the states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . georgia part of fulton county , georgia where the largest city is atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used .
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the total area of anderson , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california , led by california ' s 11th state assembly district , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language .
atlanta , with 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has an area of 404 and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlanta , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , is part of dekalb county , georgia .
attica , indiana , with a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , is part of the united states and part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is located at 166 and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , king county , washington , united states . the total area of auburn , which has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) , is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , texas where the english language is spoken . the county seat of texas , with the county seat of georgetown , texas , is round rock , texas the largest city .
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language .
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english americans .
arlington , texas part of texas which is part of tarrant county , texas and the county seat of fort worth , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states , whose capital is austin , texas . arlington part of tarrant county , texas where the largest city is fort worth , texas .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , oregon , linn county , oregon , states .
the demonym of the united states is americans where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of oregon , united .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , with the county seat of opelika , alabama , is united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of alabama , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the largest city in jersey , whose largest city is newark , new jersey , is trenton , new jersey .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states where english language . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language .
the leader of the united states is barack obama , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , the states where there are many african americans . the demonym of the united states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in gettysburg , pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . the monument is located at seminary ridge , united states .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and is cumberland county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade .
the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) , the capital of which is baku and the leader is artur rasizade . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the president of turkey .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the director of the institute , headed by dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india , whose largest city is mumbai . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , which is lead by kochi and is located in india . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the aarhus , which has a magistrate type , is mols .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . he is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and is in the vicenza calcio club . the ground of the a . c . lumezzane is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and they played in serie d where s . s . robur siena have been champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language is the italian language .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . the athens ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) located in marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . italy is inhabited by italians and uses the italian language .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome . the official demonym of italy , where the official language is italian language , is italians .
the currency of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah , is jusuf kalla and the indonesian language is spoken . arem - arem is made nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and comes from indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang . malaysia includes the malaysian malay and malaysian indian .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon , it also contains sausage . bacon originates from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is spoken and the english language is spoken . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is white americans .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup , it also contains the blt . the bacon , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska is from hong kong and comes from france where the leader is manuel valls . france is written in the french language and is lead by gerard larcher .
bandeja paisa contains lemon and comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . lemon belongs to the family of rutaceae and the order of rosids .
barny cakes are made with sponge cake and come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations on the same dish which contains peanut sauce . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai ( which contains shiitake ) . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains gram flour .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india . the people of india are called indian people and the leader is t . s . thakur .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , where the leader is t . s . thakur . india is inhabited by indian people and its leader is sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey .
arros negre originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is carles puigdemont .
the capital of italy is rome , the country where matteo renzi and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the demonym of italy is italians , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the capital of italy is rome , the country where pietro grasso and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is matteo renzi .
ayam penyet is a nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore dish found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . an ingredient of it , which contains fried chicken , is chicken .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore uses the english language and is lead by tony tan .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans and philippine spanish . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino ethnic group .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . in spain there is an spanish language spoken in spaniards .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . the demonym of spain is spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain .
alan bean , retired , was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz ( born on january 20th , 1930 ) is now retired .
alan shepard died in california where the spoken senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite . alan was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa .
alan shepard was an united states who was born in new hampshire and died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . it is operated by enaire and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level and its icao location identifier is viag .
the al asad airbase , with the icao location identifier of oraa , has a runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in iraq .
the al asad airbase , with the icao location identifier of oraa , has a runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of 3992 . 88 . the al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located at al anbar province , iraq .
the united states air force has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . the al asad airbase is operated by the force who were involved in battles at the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the air has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 733 . the first runway at airport , which serves the city of alderney , is made of poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , is located in pakistan . the airport has the runway name 18l / 36r and a length of 3310 .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport , which has the runway name 18r / 36l , is 2900 long .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan with a runway length of 1533 . it is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway name of the airport , which is called 7 / 25 , is 1533 .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the length of the runway at the airport is 1 / 19 and it is 2744 meters long .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport , which serves the city of alpena , michigan , has a runway length of 1533 .
angola international airport , which is 159 metres above sea level , serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo . the airport , which has the runway name 05l / 23r , is 3800 long .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . it is written in the greek language and is lead by nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . it is written in the greek language and is lead by prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states . it serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels and the leader is charles michel .
the atlantic city international airport , icao location identifier kacy , is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , new jersey . it is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york harrietstown , new york , united states . airport serves the city of lake placid , new york new york .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york . it is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik . it is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi . iraq is written by arabic and fuad masum .
200 public square was completed in 1985 , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors covering a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , began construction in january , 2014 . it , with the postmodern architecture , is located in buffalo , new york .
chicago is part of illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois and its leader is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the key person at the marriott is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the greenlandic language and is lead by lars lokke rasmussen .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster . it is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny .
construction of addis ababa city hall , with a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area , began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . the hall is 42 m high and its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori in akita , akita , japan . the museum has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese people in japan .
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is owned by the college of william & mary and is located in virginia . the hall is located at the mason school of business , which is based in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india , which is lead by sumitra mahajan . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council .
the julia morgan , designed by hearst castle , has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald - examiner building and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco .
julia morgan designed hearst castle , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
the governing body of birmingham , whose governing body is birmingham city council , is the b postcode area and the leader is john clancy ( labour politician ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorized as a contributing property , was established in 2000 and is located at seminary ridge . the monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and the west is franklin county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams . the north of adams is cumberland county , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , categorised as a historic districts in the united states , is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th is located in maryland , united states . the 14th was established on july 11th , 1907 .
alan bean was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas on march march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and is now retired . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california .
alan bean ( born on alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . the apollo commander was david scott and the backup pilot was alfred worden . alan retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the senators of california are the smilodon and the dianne feinstein and benitoite . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california .
william anders , a united states national , was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . william retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . he is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in mendrisio , switzerland . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio , headed by mario botta , is 100 . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in bangalore , india . the president of the institute in b . m . reddy is visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the religion of denmark is church of denmark , the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school is located in denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges . the leader of it is kochi .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle , the capital of bucharest and the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has an academic staff size of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of it is lars lokke rasmussen .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the turkish lira .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu , the capital of which is ankara and the leader is the president of turkey . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was designed by pietro canonica . the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara . the leader of turkey , led by the president of turkey , is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland , whose leader is federal chancellor of switzerland . it , headed by mario botta , has 600 students . it was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 people .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the president of the institute , headed by b . m . reddy , is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute was established at nurturing excellence and was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the west is the arabian sea . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation .
the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! , the prime minister of romania and klaus iohannis . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the dean of the school , located in thomas pallesen , is 737 . the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis and is affiliated with the european university association . the school , headed by thomas pallesen , has 16000 students .
alan bean , now retired , was a test pilot and was a member of the apollo 12 crew . alan was an united states who graduated from ut austin , b . s . 1955 . alan was born on mar march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard ( born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire ) graduated from nwc , m . a . 1957 . he was a test pilot and is now deceased . alan was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan bean was a test pilot and crewed apollo 12 operated by nasa . the apollo commander was david scott and the backup pilot was alfred worden . alan was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin , aka edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 , was selected by nasa in 1963 . buzz was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who served as a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space . buzz was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz was an united states who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired . buzz has won 20 awards and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz was an united states who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . william , retired , retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the apollo 8 , operated by nasa , has frank borman as backup members and the backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders , a crew member of apollo , retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong .
william anders ( 8820 minutes in space ) was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . william was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
