the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorized as a contributing property , was established in 2000 and is located at seminary ridge . the monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id1)
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and the west is franklin county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams . the north of adams is cumberland county , pennsylvania . (id2)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id3)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id4)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , categorised as a historic districts in the united states , is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th is located in maryland , united states . the 14th was established on july 11th , 1907 . (id5)
alan bean was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas on march march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and is now retired . he spent 100305 minutes in space . (id6)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california . (id7)
alan bean ( born on alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . the apollo commander was david scott and the backup pilot was alfred worden . alan retired in june 1981 . (id8)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . (id9)
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders . (id10)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders . (id11)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . (id12)
the senators of california are the smilodon and the dianne feinstein and benitoite . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california . (id13)
william anders , a united states national , was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id14)
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . william retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id15)
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . he is now retired . (id16)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in mendrisio , switzerland . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio , headed by mario botta , is 100 . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino . (id17)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id18)
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in bangalore , india . the president of the institute in b . m . reddy is visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id19)
the religion of denmark is church of denmark , the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school is located in denmark . (id20)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . (id21)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges . the leader of it is kochi . (id22)
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle , the capital of bucharest and the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! (id23)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has an academic staff size of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of it is lars lokke rasmussen . (id24)
