april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman was shown on the bbc . (id2)
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
the black pirate is also known as jon valor . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel was an americans . (id9)
marv wolfman won kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is an united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states . (id13)
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcasted by stv . (id15)
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit . (id18)
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id21)
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people . (id23)
bananaman , last aired on april 15th , 1986 , starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc . (id24)
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id25)
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id26)
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter . (id27)
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) . (id29)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) . (id30)
the bbc ,  abbreviated  to bbc radio , has rona fairhead as key key person . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is based in broadcasting house . (id31)
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . he was first broadcast by stv on the 3rd of october , 1983 . (id32)
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring ryan potter . he was created by duncan rouleau , an americans . (id33)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . the bolt was created by ernie colon , an puerto ricans national . (id34)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . he is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk . (id35)
