aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id1)
aaron s . daggett was awarded the ` ` battle of mine run ' ' . (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
abdul rahman ya ' kub was built on tuanku bujang tuanku othman . (id4)
the party of abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak . (id5)
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed sulaiman abdul rahman taib . (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar was built on may 29th , 1999 . (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . (id9)
abner w . sibal was built on january 3rd , 1965 . (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
adam holloway lives in the gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
adonis georgiadis was built in antonis samaras . (id16)
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping . (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . (id19)
construction of building airey neave was june 30th , 1953 . (id20)
airey neave won military cross . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . (id22)
airey neave is abbreviated to lieutenant colonel . (id23)
the start year of airey neave is 1935 . (id24)
the party of albert b . white is republican party ( united states ) . (id25)
albert b . white is nicknamed agnes ward white . (id26)
albert jennings fountain is abbreviated to union army . (id27)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . (id28)
alberto teisaire is nicknamed rear admiral in the argentine navy . (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria . (id30)
construction of building alfred moore scales was march 4th , 1875 . (id31)
alfred moore scales was awarded the ` ` battle of chancellorsville ' ' . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . (id33)
alfred n . phillips has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut . (id34)
construction of building allan shivers was january 21st , 1947 . (id35)
allan shivers is abbreviated to united states army . (id36)
allan shivers is nicknamed price daniel . (id37)
construction of building alvah sabin was march 4th , 1853 . (id38)
the party of alvah sabin is whig party ( united states ) . (id39)
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . (id40)
austrian german is the language spoken in austria . (id41)
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee . (id42)
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war . (id43)
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti . (id44)
the commander of gulf war is colin powell . (id45)
the predecessor john f . kennedy is the predecessor dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna . (id47)
the predecessor juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor francisco franco . (id48)
the party of juan peron is labour party ( argentina ) . (id49)
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte . (id50)
united states army was awarded the ` ` spanish - american war ' ' . (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
aaron s . daggett , who was created by battle of fredericksburg , won purple heart . (id53)
aaron s . daggett , who was created by battle of gettysburg , won purple heart . (id54)
the library of abdul taib mahmud , which was created by abdul rahman ya ' kub , is stephen yong kuet tze . (id55)
abdul taib mahmud party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id56)
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , graduated from technical institute , kaduna . (id57)
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was born in niger state . (id58)
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and is located in al - amin daggash . (id59)
construction of abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , began in may 29th , 1999 . (id60)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe . (id61)
abner w . sibal lives in world war ii , joseph stalin . (id62)
abner w . sibal was built on united states army in the korean war . (id63)
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id64)
adam holloway was an gravesend who was born in kent . (id65)
adam koc , who was created by world war i , won virtuti militari . (id66)
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens . (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was athens . (id68)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and has the office in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally . (id69)
agnes kant has an office of parliamentary group leader and was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id70)
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , has won military cross . (id71)
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france . (id72)
airey neave lives in battle of france , hugo sperrle . (id73)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and was battles in world war ii . (id74)
airey neave lives in world war ii , franklin d . roosevelt . (id75)
airey neave lives in world war ii , joseph stalin . (id76)
albert b . white ( born on september 22nd , 1856 ) died in 1941 . (id77)
albert b . white , born on september 22nd , 1856 , was designed by politician . (id78)
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico was born in new york city . (id79)
the albert jennings fountain , built on edmund j . davis , died in new mexico territory . (id80)
albert jennings fountain party of republican party ( united states ) was born in new york city . (id81)
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in isaac rojas . (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria in austria - hungary . (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in austria . (id84)
alfred moore scales has an office of governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid ( politician ) . (id85)
the alma mater of alfred moore scales , which was created by daniel gould fowle , is princeton university . (id86)
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was built in the united states house of representatives . (id87)
united states army was created by american civil war and alfred n . phillips . (id88)
allan shivers lives in world war ii , joseph stalin . (id89)
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was born in lufkin , texas . (id90)
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and is located in ben ramsey . (id91)
alvah sabin , born on october 23rd , 1793 , was built in secretary of state of vermont . (id92)
agnes kant is in netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id93)
agnes kant is in netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . (id94)
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia in the united states . (id95)
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , was awarded the purple heart and was battle of fredericksburg . (id96)
ab klink , who was born in netherlands , party of christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . (id97)
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , was designed by abdul rahman ya ' kub , it ' s full name was stephen yong kuet tze . (id98)
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak , was born in kingdom of sarawak and was party in barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak . (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , was built in chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and graduated from technical institute , kaduna . (id100)
abdulsalami abubakar is abbreviated to nigerian air force . the architecture president for the atiku abubakar , built in olusegun obasanjo , is abdulsalami abubakar . (id101)
olusegun obasanjo was built on atiku abubakar . abdulsalami abubakar is abbreviated to nigerian army . he was developers of abdulsalami abubakar . (id102)
abel caballero , born in ponteareas , was born in galicia ( spain ) and has the office of member of the congress of deputies . (id103)
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) in spain and was party of spanish socialist workers ' party . (id104)
abner w . sibal , who was created by world war ii , has the commander joseph stalin and united states army . (id105)
abner w . sibal , who was born in ridgewood , queens , was built in member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and was party of republican party ( united states ) . (id106)
adam holloway is abbreviated to grenadier guards . he lives in gulf war , george h . w . bush . (id107)
adam holloway , who was born in faversham , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge and was awarded the conservative party ( uk ) . (id108)
adam koc was born in congress poland and was awarded the polish - soviet war , which was commanded by leon trotsky . (id109)
adam koc was an polish - soviet war novel which was part of russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky . (id110)
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was born in athens and has the office in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally . (id111)
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was born in athens and has the office in minister for health . (id112)
the adonis georgiadis , built on antonis samaras , in new democracy ( greece ) , is classed as a blue . (id113)
agnes kant , an netherlands , is lead by mark rutte and has the office in house of representatives ( netherlands ) . (id114)
agnes kant is an netherlands national who is lead by mark rutte and party of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id115)
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , was built in member of the house of representatives and graduated from radboud university nijmegen . (id116)
construction of airey neave began on june 30th , 1953 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii . (id117)
construction of airey neave began on march 4th , 1974 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii . (id118)
albert b . white ( born on september 22nd , 1856 ) died in 1941 on july 3rd , 1941 . (id119)
albert b . white , nicknamed william m . o . dawson , was born in agnes ward white , marietta , ohio . (id120)
albert jennings fountain , born in staten island , died in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . (id121)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island in new york city and died in new mexico territory . (id122)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in the united states . (id123)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the governing body is buenos aires city legislature . (id124)
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was designed by rear admiral and was designed by isaac rojas . (id125)
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol in austria and died in graz . (id126)
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . (id127)
alfred n . phillips , born in darien , connecticut , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . (id128)
the party of the allan shivers , which was created by the democratic party ( united states ) and member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is wilfred r . cousins , jr . . (id129)
the active of alvah sabin began on march 3rd , 1857 in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id130)
alvah sabin ( born october 23rd , 1793 ) was party of whig party ( united states ) and is led by henry clay . (id131)
alvah sabin , born in georgia , vermont , was party of whig party ( united states ) where daniel webster is the leader . (id132)
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and was battles in american civil war where the commander is abraham lincoln . (id133)
alfred moore scales was awarded the ` ` battle of fredericksburg ' ' . battle is part of american civil war , the commander of which is jefferson davis . (id134)
alfons gorbach ( born in county of tyrol ) died in austria , where the leader is doris bures . (id135)
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ( state ) ) died in austria , where the leader is doris bures . (id136)
alfons gorbach died in styria died in austria , where doris bures died . (id137)
aaron s . daggett was an battle of salem church novel which was part of american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee . (id138)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id139)
the nationality of adam koc is poland , they speak polish language and kashubians . (id140)
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded the purple heart and was american civil war in west roxbury . (id141)
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded the purple heart and was battle of the wilderness in west roxbury . (id142)
ab klink , who was born in netherlands , was built in ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . ab , a student at erasmus university rotterdam , is affiliated with association of mbas . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , was awarded the kuching and is the region of asajaya in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , was awarded the sarawak and is the region of asajaya in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id145)
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak and party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was designed by adenan satem , in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id146)
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak and party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was designed by adenan satem , in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id147)
the abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , in atiku abubakar , has the predecessor oladipo diya and is known as nigerian army . (id148)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by al - amin daggash , was built in nigerian air force . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe which was broadcast by the president himself . (id149)
the predecessor juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor francisco franco . abel caballero , with the office in spain , was built in felipe gonzalez and was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id150)
abel caballero , who was born in galicia ( spain ) , was born in spain and has the office of minister of transport and party of spanish socialist workers ' party . (id151)
abraham a . ribicoff , an united states , was born in new britain , connecticut and was designed by casey ribicoff . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id152)
adam holloway , who was born in kent , was awarded the gulf war began in may 5th , 2005 and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id153)
the nationality of adam koc is poland , they speak polish language and fought in polish - soviet war where the commander is joseph stalin . (id154)
adam koc , who died in new york city , was part of polish - soviet war , part of russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . (id155)
adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece , was born in athens and has the office of vice - president of new democracy , makis voridis . (id156)
adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece , was born in athens and has the office of ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) , makis voridis . (id157)
adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece , was born in athens and has the office of member of the hellenic parliament , makis voridis . (id158)
agnes kant is an netherlands national of the euro . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile . (id159)
agnes kant , an netherlands , is lead by mark rutte and office in house of representatives ( netherlands ) , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id160)
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile . (id161)
agnes kant , an netherlands , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is lead by red and emile roemer . (id162)
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , was awarded the battle of france began in june 30th , 1953 and was inaugurated on march 30th , 1979 . (id163)
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , was awarded the battle of france began in march 4th , 1974 and was inaugurated on march 30th , 1979 . (id164)
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , was involved by world war ii . the commander of it is chiang kai - shek . it is nicknamed hohne . (id165)
albert b . white , born in cleveland , william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id166)
construction of albert b . white , which was designed by william m . o . dawson , began in march 4th , 1905 and was inaugurated on march 4th , 1901 in cleveland . (id167)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in the french language , american civil war , and was commander of abraham lincoln . (id168)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , american civil war . the commander of war is jefferson davis . (id169)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in the united states he died in new mexico territory . (id170)
alberto teisaire , party of justicialist party , was built on juan peron . he died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id171)
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina and has the office of provisional president of the argentine senate , was designed by rear admiral and isaac rojas . (id172)
alfred moore scales , who was born in reidsville , north carolina , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by daniel gould fowle and has the office of governor of north carolina . (id173)
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was built in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he is abbreviated to united states army . army was awarded the ` ` whiskey rebellion ' ' . (id174)
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office of member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . (id175)
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office of mayor of stamford , connecticut . (id176)
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by price daniel and has the office of governor of texas . (id177)
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by wilfred r . cousins , jr . and has the office of governor of texas . (id178)
alvah sabin in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district has the office of secretary of state of vermont and is located in the state of vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id179)
alvah sabin is the party of whig party ( united states ) , which is lead by daniel webster and vermont , the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id180)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of gettysburg . american civil war is the commander of robert e . lee and gettysburg . (id181)
alberto teisaire , an argentina office in juan peron , was party of labour party ( argentina ) . the language spoken in argentina is the spanish language . (id182)
designed by isaac rojas , alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was office in juan peron . the party of juan is labour party ( argentina ) . (id183)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 , competed in the region of kuching , asajaya in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id184)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , was awarded the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak and was party at parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and is party of adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide . (id185)
the atiku abubakar , who designed mike akhigbe , was built on nigerian navy and was broadcast by abdulsalami abubakar and oladipo diya . the abdulsalami abubakar was built on may 29th , 1999 . (id186)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe . the nigerian army ` ` abdulsalami abubakar ' ' was built in may 29th , 1999 . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . (id187)
abraham a . ribicoff ( party of the democratic party ( united states ) ) was an office in governor of connecticut and was born in connecticut , united states and died in the states . (id188)
abraham a . ribicoff , an united states , was born in connecticut and was awarded the democratic party ( united states ) , which has the office of united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and died in new york city . (id189)
abraham a . ribicoff , an united states , was born in connecticut and was designed by casey ribicoff and died in new york . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id190)
adam holloway , who was born in kent , was built in member of parliament for gravesham and was inaugurated on may 5th , 2005 with the active start date of grenadier guards and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id191)
the conservative party ( uk ) of adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . may 5th , 2005 was the start date for adam . adam is abbreviated to grenadier guards . (id192)
adonis georgiadis , which was designed by makis voridis , was born in athens in greece and was broadcast by antonis samaras and office in konstantinos mitsotakis . (id193)
agnes kant , an netherlands , is lead by mark rutte and has the office in house of representatives ( netherlands ) . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile . (id194)
netherlands , led by mark rutte , is a nationality of agnes kant . the residence of agnes , which was created by doesburg and house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is khadija arib . (id195)
netherlands , led by mark rutte , is a nationality of agnes kant . she lives in the doesburg . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile . (id196)
albert b . white ( born on september 22nd , 1856 on 1856 ) retired on 1941 on july 3rd , 1941 . albert died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id197)
albert b . white , with agnes ward white , was born in cleveland , william m . o . dawson , bloomington , maryland . albert died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id198)
albert b . white , which was designed by agnes ward white , was designed by william m . o . dawson and has the office in governor of west virginia , being built in march 4th , 1905 and was built in cleveland . (id199)
construction of albert b . white began on march 4th , 1901 in william m . o . dawson , party of republican party ( united states ) and was inaugurated on march 4th , 1905 in cleveland . (id200)
the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was eva peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . he died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id201)
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 , has the office of provisional president of the argentine senate , and was commanded by rear admiral and isaac rojas . (id202)
alfons gorbach , born in austria , was born in tyrol ( state ) and was party in austrian people ' s party . he died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . (id203)
alfons gorbach , born in imst , was born in tyrol ( state ) and was party in austrian people ' s party . he died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . (id204)
alvah sabin , which is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region of march 3rd , 1857 began in vermont . he died in sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id205)
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , vermont . he died in sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id206)
alfred moore scales in the united states was created by battle of gettysburg . american civil war is the commander of jefferson davis and gettysburg . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id207)
alfred moore scales in the united states was created by siege of petersburg . american civil war is the commander of jefferson davis and petersburg . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id208)
argentina , alberto teisaire , is home to the spanish language . the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was party of eva peron and is party of labour party ( argentina ) . (id209)
