alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states and is led by joe biden .
buzz aldrin , an united states , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see , a united states national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis where the leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st . louis , kingdom of france on the 28th of february , 1966 .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the purple finch and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was produced in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion , preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair , was written in english language spoken in great britain .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery in new york city and alexander l . wolf .
the aids ( journal ) belongs to the academic discipline , hiv and comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids . the issn number of aids is 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances and his alma mater was stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and written in the english language .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages , can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir , written in english language of above the veil , australians .
aenir was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil where the english language is spoken .
above the veil by garth nix has 248 pages and is available in hardcover .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , has an lccn number of 60040714 and an issn number of 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction ( journal ) , issn number 1360 - 0443 , comes under the academic discipline of addiction , .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction ( journal ) which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with the association of american universities , publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and uses the english language , which was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians in the united states is written in english language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover , has 320 pages and the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain .
john cowper powys , who was born in shirley , derbyshire , died in blaenau ffestiniog , wrote a glastonbury romance .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is written in the english language and originates from the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is president of the united states and the african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is president of the united states and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
jens hartel plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and manages 1 . fc magdeburg and is attached to the club sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for both alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members . the chairman of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . the ground of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool , located in blackpool , is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' and has 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor , manager of a . f . c . fylde , plays for colwyn bay f . c . and is in the stockport county f . c .
livorno calcio s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) is based in livorno , italy and has 19238 members .
a . s . livorno calcio , who are managed by christian panucci , play in the serie b league , whose champions are carpi f . c . 1909 .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f .
aek athens f . c . , whose ground is located in greece , play in the superleague greece , whose champions are olympiacos f . c .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan . afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam .
amsterdam - noord , part of amsterdam , is lead by eberhard van der laan and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for both istanbulspor a . s . and jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti was at udinese calcio and plays for empoli f . c . he is the manager of a . s . roma .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is in the s . s . chieti calcio club .
architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row , in colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio and is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois and is lead by rahm emanuel .
the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , was designed by george winkler from the united states .
hok sve designed the 3arena at north wall quay completed in december 2008 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , has 23 floors and a tenant of marriott international .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn and the tenant is marriott international .
augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor , the palace of westminster .
adare manor , designed by philip charles hardwick , was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , sri lanka completed in 1931 , has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall which was started in 30 march 2007 and is located in the united states .
julia morgan , who was born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , who designed asilomar conference grounds , was born in california and has designed many significant buildings of chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , located in avenue a ( manhattan ) , was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , located in new york city , was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
architect john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats and the architect is 103 colmore row .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . the leader of ethiopia , led by hailemariam desalegn , is addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat and is lead by anandiben patel .
the marriott international , with bill marriott as key key person , is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , united states , where there are many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , with a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia part of fulton county , georgia , united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c .
anaheim , california , which has the area codes of 657 , 714 , has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) and is - 7 .
the california state senate in the california state capitol , anaheim , california , california .
anderson , indiana , indiana lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
antioch , california , contra costa county , california part of the san francisco bay area , is led by the united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states has the county seat fort worth , texas .
atlanta is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington , d . c .
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the united states .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is the location of atlantic county , new jersey which is part of atlantic city , new jersey
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , has olympia , washington as its capital .
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , georgia ( u . s . state ) , has atlanta as its capital .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states and the largest city is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey .
arlington , texas part of texas where the english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the english language is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
albany , georgia is in the united states where english language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana in the united states is where the english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has the runway name of 10r / 28l and is 2776 metres long .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid , new york , saranac lake , new york has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae . the runway length of airport is 877 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport , operates the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and its runway name is 18l / 36r . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
the andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , is based at the four world trade center and operates the atlantic city international airport .
the atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , and is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain and is lead by ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes in spain where the leader is the people ' s party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in the united states is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , gettysburg , pennsylvania . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce from lazio , italy , contains guanciale .
arem - arem is a javanese cuisine that contains banana leaf and compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and belongs to the division of flowering plant and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains olive oil and is from the region of rome .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy and comes from the region of rome , it includes tomato .
the main ingredients of asam pedas , found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and comes from the region of malaysia where there is an ethnic group called malaysian chinese .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt which contains lettuce and the club sandwich .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . the blt is a variation on the club sandwich and the sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
a cookie is a dessert , as is baked alaska which contains sponge cake .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso , containing beef , indonesia , is a food found in bakso .
bandeja paisa from the paisa region , colombian cuisine , contains avocado .
bandeja paisa from the paisa region , colombian cuisine , contains hogao .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
batchoy contains noodle and comes from the philippines , it includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines that contains vegetable and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region in indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and it uses oyster sauce in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji come from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit , which contains banana , is a dessert and can be served as a cookie .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago .
binignit , containing taro , is a dessert and can be served as a cookie .
the main ingredient of binignit , which contains banana , is sweet potato , belonging to the order of solanales .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , it contains raisin and is found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where the english language is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order of solanales and are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and it has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi and the northwest is mahe , india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! where the germans of romania are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and starred tim brooke - taylor on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) operated by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) that stars ryan potter and was operated by walt disney studios motion pictures .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , was awarded the purple heart and was battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink , who was born in netherlands , party of christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , was designed by abdul rahman ya ' kub , it ' s full name was stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak , was born in kingdom of sarawak and was party in barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , was built in chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar is abbreviated to nigerian air force . the architecture president for the atiku abubakar , built in olusegun obasanjo , is abdulsalami abubakar .
olusegun obasanjo was built on atiku abubakar . abdulsalami abubakar is abbreviated to nigerian army . he was developers of abdulsalami abubakar .
abel caballero , born in ponteareas , was born in galicia ( spain ) and has the office of member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) in spain and was party of spanish socialist workers ' party .
abner w . sibal , who was created by world war ii , has the commander joseph stalin and united states army .
abner w . sibal , who was born in ridgewood , queens , was built in member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and was party of republican party ( united states ) .
adam holloway is abbreviated to grenadier guards . he lives in gulf war , george h . w . bush .
adam holloway , who was born in faversham , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge and was awarded the conservative party ( uk ) .
adam koc was born in congress poland and was awarded the polish - soviet war , which was commanded by leon trotsky .
adam koc was an polish - soviet war novel which was part of russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was born in athens and has the office in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was born in athens and has the office in minister for health .
the adonis georgiadis , built on antonis samaras , in new democracy ( greece ) , is classed as a blue .
agnes kant , an netherlands , is lead by mark rutte and has the office in house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is an netherlands national who is lead by mark rutte and party of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , was built in member of the house of representatives and graduated from radboud university nijmegen .
construction of airey neave began on june 30th , 1953 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii .
construction of airey neave began on march 4th , 1974 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white ( born on september 22nd , 1856 ) died in 1941 on july 3rd , 1941 .
albert b . white , nicknamed william m . o . dawson , was born in agnes ward white , marietta , ohio .
albert jennings fountain , born in staten island , died in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the governing body is buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was designed by rear admiral and was designed by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol in austria and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , born in darien , connecticut , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
the party of the allan shivers , which was created by the democratic party ( united states ) and member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is wilfred r . cousins , jr . .
the active of alvah sabin began on march 3rd , 1857 in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin ( born october 23rd , 1793 ) was party of whig party ( united states ) and is led by henry clay .
alvah sabin , born in georgia , vermont , was party of whig party ( united states ) where daniel webster is the leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and was battles in american civil war where the commander is abraham lincoln .
alfred moore scales was awarded the ` ` battle of fredericksburg ' ' . battle is part of american civil war , the commander of which is jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach ( born in county of tyrol ) died in austria , where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ( state ) ) died in austria , where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria died in austria , where doris bures died .
aaron s . daggett was an battle of salem church novel which was part of american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands where the currency is the euro .
the nationality of adam koc is poland , they speak polish language and kashubians .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , or 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , or 39447000 , was designed by 88234300000 and spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which is governed by - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) , who designed ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , has the density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) as well as 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the 1000 piazzia , or 488160 , was designed by 352497000000 and june 27th , 2015 .
1001 gaussia , aka 1923 oaa907 xc , was designed by june 27th , 2015 and 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena , which was designed by 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) and 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , germany , graduated from university of gottingen .
103 hera , nicknamed august 27th , 2011 , was designed by james craig watson , died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera ( james craig watson ) died in peritonitis died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera , which was designed by august 27th , 2011 , was designed by 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and 1622 . 213 ( days ) .
103 hera , which is made of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was built in 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) and was designed by 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla was designed by n . r . pogson from england in nottingham .
1089 tama , aka a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was designed by november 26th , 2005 and 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was designed by 288749000000 and 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , aka 1928 pc , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 279142000000 .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) and 139705000 .
the 109 felicitas , or 139705000 , was designed by 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and december 31st , 2006 .
the 10 hygiea , or 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) . the 10 is abbreviated to 5 . 57 ( days ) .
the average area of 10 hygiea , which has the average area of 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) and 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
10 hygiea , which has a surface of 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) , was designed by 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and is served 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) and 377016000000 .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 377016000000 and 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the aaron bertram , with an associated with kids imagine nation , was built on suburban legends and is located in pop music .
aaron deer , indie rock , was designed by the united states and is the origin of indiana .
aaron deer , psychedelia , was designed by the united states and is the origin of indiana .
the aaron turner , which is abbreviated to black metal , was built between twilight ( band ) and has the associated with the associated greymachine .
the aaron turner , which is abbreviated to drone music , was built between twilight ( band ) and has the associated with the associated greymachine .
the aaron turner , which is abbreviated to ambient music , was built between twilight ( band ) and has the associated with the associated mamiffer .
aaron turner , which is the genre of black metal , is governed by death metal and electric guitar .
aaron turner is nicknamed singing . he is in the genre of black metal . death metal is the music ` ` metal ' ' .
abradab ( born on november 12th , 1978 ) was begun by magik ( rapper ) and has the associated to the associated of kaliber 44 .
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 and is the origin of katowice .
ace wilder is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are funk . the origin of it are disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion in paraguay where juan afara is the leader .
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , is located in rock music and is based in singing .
alan frew is in rock music which is governed by bhangra ( music ) . the origin of rock are country music .
albennie jones is in jazz whose stylistic origin are blues . afrobeat is the music ` ` the jazz ' ' .
albennie jones , born in errata , mississippi , genre of rhythm and blues , was founded by disco .
the aleksandra kovac , which is abbreviated to pop music , was built between bebi dol and has the associated with the associated k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) .
the aleksandra kovac , which is abbreviated to pop music , was built between bebi dol and has the associated with the associated kornelije kovac .
the aleksandra kovac , which is abbreviated to rhythm and blues , was built between k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and has the associated with the associated kristina kovac .
synthpop , which is the genre of alex day , was built in pop music . disco is the stylistic origin for it .
alfred garth jones was born in england in manchester and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom who was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom who was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , place of the labour party ( uk ) and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup died in london , where boris johnson died .
the alison o ' donnell , which is abbreviated to folk music of ireland , was built between flibbertigibbet and has the associated with the associated mellow candle .
the alison o ' donnell , which is abbreviated to folk music , was built between mellow candle and has the associated with the associated flibbertigibbet .
funk was developers of jazz . alison o ' donnell , which was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , is in jazz .
alison o ' donnell is abbreviated to static caravan recordings . alison is in jazz , which was founded by funk .
allen forrest , who was born in dothan , alabama , genre of pop music , was designed by solo singer .
allen forrest , who was born in dothan , alabama , genre of rhythm and blues , was designed by solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) , which is the genre of alternative rock , was built in nu metal and is governed by new wave music .
the anders osborne , with an associated with billy iuso with an associated with tab benoit , was built on kirk joseph .
anders osborne , which is the genre of rock music , is governed by bhangra ( music ) and rabadash records .
the andra ( singer ) , which is abbreviated to dance - pop , was built between puya ( singer ) and has the associated with the associated crbl .
the andra ( singer ) , which is abbreviated to rhythm and blues , was built between andreea balan and has the associated with the associated marius moga .
rhythm and blues is nicknamed disco . andra ( singer ) , which was designed by solo singer , is in rhythm .
the andrew rayel , which is abbreviated to trance music , was built between christian burns and has the associated with the associated jonathan mendelsohn .
the andrew rayel , which is abbreviated to trance music , was built between jonathan mendelsohn and has the associated with the associated bobina .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on christian burns and is located in house music .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with marry banilow , was built on kaiser chiefs and is known as universal records ( defunct record label ) .
ska is the stylistic origin for ska punk . the associated of aaron bertram , which is the genre of ska , was built in suburban legends .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
1955 dodge , aka dodge coronet , was designed by v8 engine and 3 - speed automatic .
the a - rosa luna ( january 22nd , 2004 ) has an length of cruise ship and is categorized as a 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the a - rosa luna ( 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) ) has an length of 24 and is categorized as a 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the owner of aidastella , costa crociere , operated aida cruises , is germany .
aidastella , who was built on march 16th , 2013 and spent march 17th , 2013 , was developed by the length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , was designed by four - stroke engine and has the length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , was designed by v12 engine and has the length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 ( 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) ) was designed by american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is in the united states where the people are called americans and african americans .
alv x - 1 is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
alv x - 1 , which was designed by 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has the total launches of 1 . 1 is abbreviated to 2 .
the body of abarth 1000 gt coupe , built in 1958 and has the body of coupe , is straight - four engine .
abarth 1000 gt coupe , nicknamed 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was designed by 1 . 55 and its body is two door coupe .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , or 21 . 2 , was designed by helsinki and arctech helsinki shipyard .
alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was designed by italy whose capital is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , related to lancia thema , was designed by italy whose capital is rome .
alfa romeo 164 is nicknamed arese . it was related to lancia thema related to fiat croma .
alfa romeo 164 was related to fiat croma . saab 9000 was the assembly assembly which was commanded by milan .
the alhambra ( 8 . 3 m ) has an length of may 31st , 1855 and is categorized as a 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alhambra , wrecked , was built in may 31st , 1855 . it is abbreviated to 8 . 3 m .
alvis speed 25 , nicknamed petrol , was founded by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , has eagle ( automobile ) as one of its key person at roy d . chapin , jr . .
antares ( rocket ) , nicknamed yuzhnoye design office , was designed by delta ii from the united states .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was designed by medium expendable launch system and mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 , which was designed by arianespace , was built in ela - 3 . it is nicknamed guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom and 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
aston martin v8 , which was designed by the united kingdom , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
atlas ii was built on vandenberg air force base and is part of the united states . it is abbreviated to cape canaveral air force station .
atlas ii is an ethnic group in the united states , the president of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the atlas ii ( spaceport florida launch complex 36 ) was built on cape canaveral air force station and is located in the united states .
audi a1 , nicknamed 1 . 2 ( litres ) , was designed by audi brussels and its body is hatchback .
audi was developers of audi a1 . audi was related to seat ibiza related to volkswagen polo .
aidaluna , with caterpillar inc . in peoria , illinois , was founded in california .
the owner of aidaluna , aida cruises , is caterpillar inc . , in illinois .
aidastella , aida cruises , is owned by costa crociere in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by delta ii , is part of the united states and is governed by vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
ariane 5 is abbreviated to ela - 3 . french guiana is the base guiana space centre who designed it .
guiana space centre , who designed ela - 3 , is located in kourou , french guiana . ariane 5 is abbreviated to 3 .
a - rosa luna , designed by neptun werft , is located in germany , rostock .
atlas ii is in the united states where the people are called americans and african americans .
aaron hunt was created by goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg , and has represented the club sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen ii club and plays for both vfl wolfsburg and dieter hecking .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , and has represented the club u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo , and has represented the club penarol .
adam maher was born in netherlands and plays for both az alkmaar and psv eindhoven .
akeem adams is at the w connection f . c . club and plays for united petrotrin f . c . at its ground at palo seco .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team los angeles rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team st . louis rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
akeem dent , born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 , began on atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for both shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the shabab al - ordon club club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc at its ground at al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and is attached to the club clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the motherwell f . c . club and plays for accrington stanley f . c . at its ground at accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 2nd , 1995 and is part of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born in tampere , finland on september 2nd , 1995 , began on florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov ( born in soviet union ) died in russia , where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for fc kuban krasnodar and is attached to the club fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for russia national football b team and is attached to the club fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is at azal pfk and plays for both olympique lyonnais and parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli is at the us lesquin club and plays for olympique lyonnais at its ground at parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is at the italy national under - 16 football team club and plays for both a . c . milan and sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli is at the u . c . sampdoria club and plays for both a . c . milan and sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for italy national under - 16 football team as well as a daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for both italy national under - 17 football team and u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 1 . 9304 and is the club anyang halla .
alex plante , who was born in canada , has a height of 1 . 9304 and is the club anyang halla .
alex tyus is in the euroleague league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . as well as a zvi sherf .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . as well as a zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc tom tomsk club and plays for fc spartak moscow at its ground at otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov in fc anzhi makhachkala , played for fc spartak moscow and is based at otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov , who played for fc torpedo moscow , manager of valery petrakov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay olympic football team club and plays for both hull city a . f . c . and steve bruce .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , place of sergey sobyanin and died in russia .
abner ( footballer ) is at the brazil national under - 20 football team club and plays for both real madrid castilla and luis miguel ramis .
abner ( footballer ) is at the real madrid castilla club , manages luis miguel ramis and is attached to the club c . d . fas .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis where francis g . slay is the leader .
the akeem ayers , with the former team new england patriots , was built on tennessee titans in the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team club and plays for united petrotrin f . c . at its ground at palo seco .
