1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . 1634 is followed by ring of fire ii where the english language is spoken . (id1)
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . the president of the university , elizabeth garrett , is the association of american universities . (id2)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . (id3)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . (id4)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . (id5)
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id6)
above the veil is followed by into battle ( novel ) which was followed by the violet keystone and australians . it is preceded by aenir which was preceded by the castle ( novel ) . (id7)
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain . (id8)
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . (id9)
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans . (id10)
the demonym of the united states , where the americans , is washington , d . c . , the african americans are an ethnic group . 1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the states where the leader is barack obama . (id11)
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans . (id12)
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of the states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . georgia part of fulton county , georgia where the largest city is atlanta . (id14)
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used . (id15)
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states . (id16)
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states . (id17)
anderson , indiana is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the total area of anderson , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id18)
antioch , california , led by california ' s 11th state assembly district , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language . (id19)
atlanta , with 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has an area of 404 and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlanta , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , is part of dekalb county , georgia . (id20)
attica , indiana , with a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , is part of the united states and part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is located at 166 and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id21)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans . (id22)
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , king county , washington , united states . the total area of auburn , which has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) , is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id23)
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , texas where the english language is spoken . the county seat of texas , with the county seat of georgetown , texas , is round rock , texas the largest city . (id24)
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . (id25)
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language . (id26)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english americans . (id27)
arlington , texas part of texas which is part of tarrant county , texas and the county seat of fort worth , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language . (id28)
arlington , texas part of texas , united states , whose capital is austin , texas . arlington part of tarrant county , texas where the largest city is fort worth , texas . (id29)
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states . (id30)
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , oregon , linn county , oregon , states . (id31)
the demonym of the united states is americans where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of oregon , united . (id32)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language . (id33)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id34)
the county seat of lee county , alabama , with the county seat of opelika , alabama , is united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of alabama , alabama . (id35)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the largest city in jersey , whose largest city is newark , new jersey , is trenton , new jersey . (id36)
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states where english language . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states . (id37)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language . (id38)
the leader of the united states is barack obama , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , states . (id39)
albany , georgia is part of the united states , the states where there are many african americans . the demonym of the united states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states . (id40)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in gettysburg , pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . the monument is located at seminary ridge , united states . (id41)
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and is cumberland county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams . (id42)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . (id43)
the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) , the capital of which is baku and the leader is artur rasizade . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . (id44)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the president of turkey . (id45)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the director of the institute , headed by dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id47)
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india , whose largest city is mumbai . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . (id50)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , which is lead by kochi and is located in india . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges . (id51)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people . (id52)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the aarhus , which has a magistrate type , is mols . (id53)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . he is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk . (id54)
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and is in the vicenza calcio club . the ground of the a . c . lumezzane is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso . (id55)
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) . (id56)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and they played in serie d where s . s . robur siena have been champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language is the italian language . (id57)
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . the athens ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) located in marousi . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . italy is inhabited by italians and uses the italian language . (id59)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome . the official demonym of italy , where the official language is italian language , is italians . (id60)
the currency of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah , is jusuf kalla and the indonesian language is spoken . arem - arem is made nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and comes from indonesia . (id61)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is malaysian malay . (id62)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian . (id63)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian . (id64)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang . malaysia includes the malaysian malay and malaysian indian . (id65)
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon , it also contains sausage . bacon originates from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . (id66)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is spoken and the english language is spoken . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is white americans . (id67)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup , it also contains the blt . the bacon , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . (id68)
baked alaska is from hong kong and comes from france where the leader is manuel valls . france is written in the french language and is lead by gerard larcher . (id69)
bandeja paisa contains lemon and comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . lemon belongs to the family of rutaceae and the order of rosids . (id70)
barny cakes are made with sponge cake and come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande . (id71)
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations on the same dish which contains peanut sauce . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . (id72)
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai ( which contains shiitake ) . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . (id73)
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . (id74)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains gram flour . (id75)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india . the people of india are called indian people and the leader is t . s . thakur . (id76)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , where the leader is t . s . thakur . india is inhabited by indian people and its leader is sumitra mahajan . (id77)
bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . (id78)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey . (id79)
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey . (id80)
arros negre originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is carles puigdemont . (id81)
the capital of italy is rome , the country where matteo renzi and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . (id82)
the demonym of italy is italians , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . (id83)
the capital of italy is rome , the country where pietro grasso and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is matteo renzi . (id84)
ayam penyet is a nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore dish found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . an ingredient of it , which contains fried chicken , is chicken . (id85)
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore uses the english language and is lead by tony tan . (id86)
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans and philippine spanish . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino ethnic group . (id87)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . in spain there is an spanish language spoken in spaniards . (id88)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . the demonym of spain is spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain . (id89)
alan bean , retired , was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas . (id90)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . (id91)
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong . (id92)
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id94)
buzz aldrin , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . (id95)
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id96)
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz ( born on january 20th , 1930 ) is now retired . (id97)
alan shepard died in california where the spoken senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite . alan was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa . (id98)
alan shepard was an united states who was born in new hampshire and died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . (id99)
william anders , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong . (id100)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark . (id101)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . it is operated by enaire and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . (id102)
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level and its icao location identifier is viag . (id103)
the al asad airbase , with the icao location identifier of oraa , has a runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in iraq . (id104)
the al asad airbase , with the icao location identifier of oraa , has a runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of 3992 . 88 . the al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located at al anbar province , iraq . (id105)
the united states air force has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . the al asad airbase is operated by the force who were involved in battles at the 1986 united states bombing of libya . (id106)
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the air has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the lockheed c - 130 hercules . (id107)
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 733 . the first runway at airport , which serves the city of alderney , is made of poaceae . (id108)
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , is located in pakistan . the airport has the runway name 18l / 36r and a length of 3310 . (id109)
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport , which has the runway name 18r / 36l , is 2900 long . (id110)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan with a runway length of 1533 . it is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . (id111)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway name of the airport , which is called 7 / 25 , is 1533 . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the length of the runway at the airport is 1 / 19 and it is 2744 meters long . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport , which serves the city of alpena , michigan , has a runway length of 1533 . (id114)
angola international airport , which is 159 metres above sea level , serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo . the airport , which has the runway name 05l / 23r , is 3800 long . (id115)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . it is written in the greek language and is lead by nikos voutsis . (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . it is written in the greek language and is lead by prokopis pavlopoulos . (id117)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states . it serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . (id118)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels and the leader is charles michel . (id119)
the atlantic city international airport , icao location identifier kacy , is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , new jersey . it is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . (id120)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york harrietstown , new york , united states . airport serves the city of lake placid , new york new york . (id121)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york . it is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states . (id122)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter . (id123)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik . it is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter . (id124)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi . iraq is written by arabic and fuad masum . (id125)
200 public square was completed in 1985 , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states . (id126)
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors covering a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , began construction in january , 2014 . it , with the postmodern architecture , is located in buffalo , new york . (id127)
chicago is part of illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois and its leader is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states . (id128)
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark . (id129)
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the key person at the marriott is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c . (id130)
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the greenlandic language and is lead by lars lokke rasmussen . (id131)
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster . it is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny . (id132)
construction of addis ababa city hall , with a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area , began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . the hall is 42 m high and its current tenants are the government of addis ababa . (id133)
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori in akita , akita , japan . the museum has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture . (id134)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese people in japan . (id135)
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is owned by the college of william & mary and is located in virginia . the hall is located at the mason school of business , which is based in the united states . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india , which is lead by sumitra mahajan . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly . (id137)
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando . (id138)
the ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council . (id139)
the julia morgan , designed by hearst castle , has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald - examiner building and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco . (id140)
julia morgan designed hearst castle , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco . (id141)
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr . (id142)
the governing body of birmingham , whose governing body is birmingham city council , is the b postcode area and the leader is john clancy ( labour politician ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . (id143)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is barack obama . (id144)
aidastella , designed by meyer werft , was operated by aida cruises , located in germany . she is owned by costa crociere whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc . (id145)
aidastella ( 32 . 2 ) was built on 38 . 892 and was operated by aida cruises . the aidastella , which was designed by meyer werft , is a 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) . (id146)
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and is nicknamed 12 . 3 , who was built on may 1950 - august 1956 , was designed by four - stroke engine . (id147)
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and is nicknamed 12 . 3 , which was designed by v12 engine , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . (id148)
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . alv x - 1 is in the states where the anthem is the star - spangled banner . (id149)
the body of amc matador , which was designed by thames , new zealand , is station wagon and is also known as american motors matador . the amc , which was designed by amc v8 engine , is in mid - size car . (id150)
alhambra , which has the ship as well as a humphrys , tennant and dykes , was designed by samuda brothers . the alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) which is located in london . (id151)
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , was founded by eagle ( automobile ) and is the subsidiary of wheel horse . it , which was designed by chrysler , uses the key person roy d . chapin , jr . . (id152)
the ship ( january 25th , 1969 ) was built on 8 . 334 and has the ship as its ship . american submarine nr - 1 , which is classed as a 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on 3 . 8 m . (id153)
the antares ( rocket ) ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport ) was designed by delta ii from the united states . it is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 which has the associated with minotaur iv . (id154)
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in july 13th , 2014 and has the maiden as its maiden . the rocket , or mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was designed by 3 . 9 ( metres ) . (id155)
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in october 28th , 2014 and has the launch as its launch . rocket , which was designed by 3 . 9 ( metres ) , was built in september 18th , 2013 . (id156)
the ariane 5 , which has the final as well as a august 11th , 2005 , was developed by airbus defence and space . the 5 , or guiana space centre , was designed by 5 . 4 ( metres ) . (id157)
ariane 5 ( ela - 3 ) was operated by arianespace located in courcouronnes . 3 is nicknamed guiana space centre , which has its headquarters in french guiana . (id158)
aston martin v8 is related to the transportation mean , newport pagnell . v8 , which was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) , was designed by aston martin . (id159)
the body of aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , is coupe and the engine . v8 , related to aston martin rham / 1 , was designed by newport pagnell . (id160)
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by the united kingdom and elizabeth ii . it is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin . (id161)
audi a1 , which was designed by 1 . 2 ( litres ) , was designed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout and brussels , belgium . the a1 has the body of hatchback and is located in supermini . (id162)
audi a1 , which was designed by audi , subsidiary of ducati , was founded by august horch . audi , which was designed by lamborghini , belongs to the division of audi e - tron . (id163)
caterpillar inc . , founded in california , was designed in united states and is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna , which is governed by the caterpillar inc . , is owned by aida cruises . (id164)
aidaluna , which is governed by caterpillar inc . , uses douglas r . oberhelman and was founded in the united states . she is owned by aida cruises which is located in rostock . (id165)
the key person at caterpillar inc . , which is home to douglas r . oberhelman , was inaugurated in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna , which is governed by the inc , is owned by aida cruises . (id166)
aidastella , operated by aida cruises , was designed by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere . the costa , with the parent company carnival corporation & plc , is located in genoa . (id167)
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard , was designed by finland , inhabited by finns . the leader of finland is sami languages and the leader is juha sipila . (id168)
a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft which is located in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck . (id169)
a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft which is located in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle . (id170)
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . atlas ii is in the states where the english language is spoken . (id171)
abel hernandez , who was awarded the penarol , has been managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo . he was at the central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division league . (id172)
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club , manages valery petrakov and is attached to the club soviet union national football team . he died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko . (id173)
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club , manages oleh luzhny and is attached to the club olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas , is based at parc olympique lyonnais . (id174)
alessio romagnoli , whose position is defender ( football ) , plays for a . c . milan and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . the manager of milan is sinisa mihajlovic and they play in serie a . (id175)
alessio romagnoli , which was designed by a . c . milan , has the chairman silvio berlusconi and is managed by sinisa mihajlovic . he is at the italy national under - 17 football team club and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . (id176)
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club , manages giuseppe iachini and is attached to the club uruguay national football team . he was awarded the central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division league . (id177)
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club , manages gadzhi gadzhiyev and is attached to the club fc spartak moscow . spartak , whose chairman is sergey rodionov , is based at otkrytiye arena . (id178)
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc terek grozny club and plays for fc spartak moscow as well as a sergey rodionov . the manager of fc , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny . (id179)
aleksandr prudnikov was created by fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny , and has represented the club fc dynamo moscow . the manager of fc , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny . (id180)
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and plays for both fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team . the manager of torpedo , who are the manager of valery petrakov , was 2014 - 15 russian premier league . (id181)
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco . the manager of ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov , is thomas doll . (id182)
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco velodrome . the manager of ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov , is thomas doll . (id183)
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and 8788850000 . ) , which was designed by 6155910000000 , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id184)
101 helena ( august 15th , 1868 ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james , canada , graduated from university of michigan . (id185)
101 helena , which was designed by james craig watson , has canada origin and studied at university of michigan . james , who died on peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin . (id186)
1036 ganymed ( walter baade ) was the doctoral student for allan sandage and died in gottingen . walter , who was born in german empire , graduated from university of gottingen . (id187)
1036 ganymed was designed by walter baade whose doctoral student was halton arp and he was born in german empire . the walter baade , with the doctoral student allan sandage , graduated from university of gottingen . (id188)
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , doctoral student allan sandage , graduated from university of gottingen . walter is an germany who was born in german empire . (id189)
103 hera ( september 7th , 1868 ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james , canada , graduated from university of michigan . (id190)
103 hera ( 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . watson , canada , graduated from university of michigan . (id191)
107 camilla , which was designed by b . zellner , has the orbital as well as 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id192)
107 camilla , which was designed by c . woods , has the orbital as well as 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id193)
107 camilla , which was designed by f . vilas , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 2368 . 05 ( days ) . 107 , which was designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id194)
107 camilla ( 7 . 08 ) was designed by n . r . pogson who died in chennai . n . r . pogson is an england who was born in nottingham . (id195)
1089 tama , which was created by november 26th , 2005 and 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was also known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . the 1089 tama , or 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id196)
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , has the escape as well as 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) . the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id197)
11264 claudiomaccone , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , has the orbital as well as 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it , which was designed by 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is a 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) . (id198)
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was created by kuching and asajaya . abdul was born on may 21st , 1936 in miri , malaysia . (id199)
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was designed by adenan satem and university of adelaide . he was an demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak who was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id200)
the abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , was built in oladipo diya and was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 . the mike , or nigerian navy , was designed by atiku abubakar . (id201)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , has the successor as its predecessor oladipo diya . he began on may 29th , 1999 and was built in nigerian army . (id202)
abraham a . ribicoff ( party of the democratic party ( united states ) ) was an office in governor of connecticut and died in the united states . abraham is an united states who was born in connecticut . (id203)
abraham a . ribicoff has an office of united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and is party of the democratic party ( united states ) and died in new york city . abraham is an united states who was born in connecticut . (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a united states national where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . he , nicknamed casey ribicoff , died in new york . (id205)
the adam holloway has an office of member of parliament for gravesham and was started by may 5th , 2005 in kent . the adam , with grenadier guards , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id206)
adam holloway , party of the conservative party ( uk ) , was started by may 5th , 2005 in faversham , kent , england . the adam holloway , with grenadier guards , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id207)
adonis georgiadis was built in the [ ent_antonis_samaras_ent and was built in [ ent_greece_ent . he ' s birth [ ent_makis_voridis_ent was born in [ ent_athens_ent . antonis samaras was built in the [ ent_konstantinos_mitsotakis_ent . (id208)
agnes kant has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is a netherlands , led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party . (id209)
agnes kant , an doesburg , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . agnes has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and its leader is khadija arib . (id210)
agnes kant , an doesburg , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party . (id211)
albert b . white ( born on 1856 ) died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 . albert retired on july 3rd , 1941 died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id212)
albert b . white , nicknamed agnes ward white , was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . white is nicknamed william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland . (id213)
the albert b . white , designed by agnes ward white , was designed by william m . o . dawson and office in governor of west virginia . the white was built on march 4th , 1905 in cleveland . (id214)
albert b . white , nicknamed william m . o . dawson , was born in republican party ( united states ) in cleveland . construction of the albert b . white began on march 4th , 1905 and was begun by march 4th , 1901 . (id215)
the alberto teisaire in juan peron , died in buenos aires , was led by horacio rodriguez larreta . the juan peron , which was designed by eva peron , was party on labour party ( argentina ) . (id216)
alberto teisaire has a worked office in provisional president of the argentine senate , rear admiral and was born in mendoza , argentina . he was designed by isaac rojas and was born on may 20th , 1891 . (id217)
alfons gorbach , party of austrian people ' s party , was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . (id218)
alfons gorbach , party of austrian people ' s party , was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in graz . (id219)
alvah sabin is in vermont whose largest city is burlington , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . the alvah sabin , built on march 3rd , 1857 , is found in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . (id220)
alvah sabin is in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont and the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . he was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . (id221)
alfred moore scales was an battle of gettysburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . he is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id222)
alfred moore scales was an siege of petersburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . he is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id223)
the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was eva peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . the nationality of the alberto teisaire is argentina , where the spanish language is spoken . (id224)
the aaron bertram , with an associated with kids imagine nation , was built on suburban legends with the band band . he is in ska punk whose stylistic origin are punk rock . (id225)
aaron deer , which was designed by the united states , was broadcast by wee giant and is in indie rock . the origin of the deer , which was created by solo singer , is indiana . (id226)
the aaron turner , with an associated with old man gloom , was built on lotus eaters ( band ) and is located in black metal . the turner , which was designed by the united states , was begun by 1995 . (id227)
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on lotus eaters ( band ) and is located in sludge metal . the turner , which was designed by massachusetts , was built in 1995 . (id228)
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 and was born in katowice . the abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in poland . (id229)
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was born in 1982 and was singing . ace was born on july 23rd , 1982 in sweden . (id230)
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was born in 1982 and was songwriter . ace was born on july 23rd , 1982 in stockholm . (id231)
ace wilder , which is part of the genre of hip hop music , has the music origin of funk . it , which was designed by drum and bass , was built in disco . (id232)
ace wilder , hip hop music , was born in funk in sweden . it , which was designed by drum and bass , was built in disco . (id233)
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , was built on the wildweeds and was born in windsor , connecticut . the band , built in 1966 , is in rock music . (id234)
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , was designed by guitar and is based in rock music . rock , bhangra ( music ) , has the stylistic as its stylistic . (id235)
alan frew , which was designed by canada , was designed by newmarket , ontario and was musician . alan is nicknamed solo singer and was born in coatbridge . (id236)
aleksandra kovac was designed by solo singer and was born in 1972 in socialist republic of serbia . she is in pop music which is governed by disco . (id237)
the aleksandra kovac , with an associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , was built on kornelije kovac and is located in rhythm and blues . the aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , was built in 1990 . (id238)
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom in manchester . alfred was born in 1872 and died in london . (id239)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup was born in manchester and died in london . the leader of london , led by the european parliament , is boris johnson . (id240)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in london where the title of the leader is the european parliament . (id241)
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with flibbertigibbet , was built on mellow candle and is located in folk music of ireland . the active of alison o ' donnell ( floating world records ) was built in 1963 . (id242)
alison o ' donnell , which is part of the genre of jazz , has funk as its derivative . alison ' s record is located in london . (id243)
jazz , which was designed by funk , was built in afrobeat and has the stylistic origin of folk music . alison o ' donnell , which was designed by autoharp , is in jazz . (id244)
the jazz , with the stylistic stylistic , was designed by funk and afrobeat . alison o ' donnell , which was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , is in jazz . (id245)
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is part of acoustic music in dothan , alabama . allen is nicknamed solo singer and was born in fort campbell . (id246)
the anders osborne , with an associated with billy iuso , was built on voice of the wetlands all - stars and is located in rock music . the osborne , with an associated with galactic , was built in 1989 . (id247)
the anders osborne , with an associated with galactic , was built on tab benoit and is located in blues . the osborne , with an associated with billy iuso , was built in 1989 . (id248)
andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 in dance - pop , campia turzii . she , which was designed by solo singer , was singer , reality television judge . (id249)
andra ( singer ) , rhythm and blues , was designed by solo singer and was singing . she was born in 1986 in romania . (id250)
the andrew rayel , with an associated with armin van buuren with an associated with bobina , was built on armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . andrew is in trance music whose stylistic origin are pop music . (id251)
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on armin van buuren and is located in trance music . andrew was built in 2009 and was born in chisinau , moldova . (id252)
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on bobina and is located in trance music . andrew was built in 2009 and was born in chisinau , moldova . (id253)
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was broadcast by john digweed and string instrument . the andrew , with an associated with christian burns , is located in trance music . (id254)
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on marry banilow and is known as b - unique records . the white , with polydor records , was built in 2003 . (id255)
allen forrest , hip hop music , was born in disco in fort campbell . the music , or funk , was designed by drum and bass . (id256)
the hip hop music , which has the stylistic as well as a funk , was developed by drum and bass . allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip . (id257)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in london where the title of the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom . (id258)
paraguay , which uses the spanish language , is lead by juan afara and mestizo . agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . (id259)
the andrew white ( musician ) ( b - unique records ) was built on polydor records in london . the musician is in alternative rock which is governed by nu metal . (id260)
the andrew white ( musician ) ( universal records ( defunct record label ) ) was built on polydor records in london . the white is in alternative rock which is governed by nu metal . (id261)
the architecture origin of rock music are [ ent_bhangra__lp_music_rp__ent . al anderson ( nrbq band ) has the instrument [ ent_guitar_ent . the architecture origin of country music are [ ent_blues_ent . (id262)
the architecture origin of rock music are [ ent_blues_ent . an genre of al anderson ( nrbq band ) is ` ` [ ent_bhangra__lp_music_rp__ent ' ' . country music is the instrument [ ent_banjo_ent . (id263)
with an associated with aaron turner , twilight ( band ) ( genre of black metal ) began in death metal . the aaron turner , with an associated with old man gloom , was designed by electric guitar . (id264)
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , daniel martinez ( politician ) , uruguay . uruguay is where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is raul fernando sendic rodriguez . (id265)
