the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
the aids ( journal ) is in the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way was written in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
aenir was written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written in the english language .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the language of the castle ( novel ) is the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux ' s parent company is macmillan publishers .
one of the notable notable work of john cowper powys is a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the asian americans .
the language of the united states is english language .
weymouth sands is preceded by a glastonbury romance .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available in e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which was written by brandon sanderson .
the american journal of mathematics , also known as am . j . math . , comes under the academic discipline mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics was published by the johns hopkins university press which is governed by johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by virginia demarce and eric flint is available in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and was written in english language of great britain ) .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for computing machinery headquartered in new york city . the leader of the association for computing machinery is alexander l . wolf .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) ( which comes under hiv / aids ) is hiv . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 0269 - 9370 .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) ( which comes under hiv / aids ) is hiv . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 1473 - 5571 .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson who resides in the united states and has stanford university for an alma mater .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , written in english language .
a severed wasp , from the united states , was written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover with the oclc 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 . the abbreviation of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . .
aenir was followed by above the veil and was written in english language . above the veil is from the country of australians .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil . above the veil was written in the english language .
above the veil was written by garth nix and is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica ' s abbreviated name is acta palaeontol . pol . .
the addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 0965 - 2140 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university in new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil . aenir was written in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and was written in english which english language of great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages long and can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog .
administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune . the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in english language .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and preceded by grantville gazette iii . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california .
1634 : the ram rebellion is 512 pages long and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and was published in e - book .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the president .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . a fortress of grey ice has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in hardcover . a loyal character dancer has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . a loyal character dancer was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 . a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and is available in hardcover .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics . acta mathematica hungarica has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and the lccn number 83646315 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university affiliated with the association of american universities is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university , affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is in ithaca , new york in new york .
aenir was written by garth nix and is available in paperback . aenir has a total of 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , johns hopkins university , united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . in the united states the english language is spoken .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars was written in english language spoken in great britain .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . a wizard of mars was published in the united states and was written in the english language .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . in the united states the english language is spoken .
the leader of the united states was barack obama and english language . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii and uses the english language .
located in ithaca , new york , cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university affiliated with the association of american universities is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer which is published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . in the united states the english language is spoken .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer which is published in the united states where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . in the united states the english language is spoken .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer and is based in the united states , where asian americans is the ethnic group . in the united states the english language is spoken .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used in great britain . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
above the veil was preceded by aenir and castle ( novel ) . above the veil is followed by into battle ( novel ) and the violet keystone . the into battle ( novel ) is published by australians .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain .
the united states is lead by barack obama and uses the english language , which is also used in great britain . a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and comes from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . in the united states the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
