april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc . (id2)
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
the black pirate ' s alternative name is jon valor . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is an americans . (id9)
marv wolfman won kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is an united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is an united states . (id13)
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcasted by stv . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which starred scott adsit . (id18)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and is made of big hero 6 ( film ) . (id19)
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway . (id21)
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people . (id23)
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc . bananaman last aired on april 15th , 1986 . (id24)
big hero 6 ( film ) distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . baymax was first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) . (id25)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which stars scott adsit . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) ) is walt disney studios motion pictures . (id26)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) ) is walt disney studios motion pictures . (id27)
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , also known as mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin . (id29)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) . (id30)
bananaman the tv series was shown on the bbc which is headed by bbc radio . the bbc ' s key person is rona fairhead and it is located in broadcasting house . (id31)
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . bananaman was first aired on stv on october 03rd , 1983 . (id32)
baymax was created by duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) which starred ryan potter . (id33)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and puerto ricans . the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . (id34)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk . (id35)
