april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was shown on the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel was an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , starred alan tudyk .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bo bibbowski , full name bibbo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and starred tim brooke - taylor on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) operated by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) that stars ryan potter and was operated by walt disney studios motion pictures .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon .
the bbc , which is located at broadcasting house where rona fairhead and broadcast bananaman , was involved by bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by duncan rouleau from the americans and starred ryan potter .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon , a national of puerto ricans .
the big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk , features the character baymax , was created by duncan rouleau from americans and steven t . seagle .
