103 colmore row , with 23 floors , is located in birmingham . it was built in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . in africa there is an ethnic group in asian south africans and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council , and it is part of cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo , new york . it , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , was cost 110 million ( dollars ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois . it , united states , is led by rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . it has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) .
the 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin . dublin is part of the republic of ireland and is part of leinster .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen . the hotel , which has 23 floors , was designed by the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick . limerick , which has a limerick city and county council , is part of munster .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called filipinos in japan . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called vietnamese people in japan . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall , which is owned by the college of william & mary , was completed on 1 june 2009 . the address of the hall is 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
the asilomar conference grounds , built in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is gale brewer .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by andrew mitchell . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by the labour party ( uk ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel . it is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the leader is narendra modi . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india .
akita prefecture is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the akita museum of art is located in prefecture , akita , akita .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the monocacy national battlefield has the nearest city of frederick , maryland and is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the battlefield and was established on july 11th , 1907 .
the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , which is led by the president of turkey . the monument was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of the united states . the language of the states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the total code of albuquerque , new mexico , which has the total code of 505 , 575 , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , with 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) floors , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . it is in the state of texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the total area of anderson , indiana , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson is 268 above sea level and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola , with a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) , is part of indiana .
antioch , california , utc offset - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , which has a total population of 102372 , has the area code of 925 .
atlantic city , new jersey , 609 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total title of city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . alabama is in the state of alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , is part of king county , washington . washington is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , is part of king county , washington . auburn is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , the capital of which is indianapolis . anderson is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana of the united states .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader in albuquerque is the new mexico senate where the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
the united states is home to barack obama and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque in the states .
the language of the united states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , georgia , states , is part of the states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of indiana , states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel who played for sv babelsberg 03 . jens is at 1 . fc union berlin and plays for fsv zwickau .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he was born in italy and is in the carrarese calcio club .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who played for torino f . c . michele was born in italy and his club was a . c . chievo verona .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s chairman is antonis milionis and they play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is lead by gordon marsden .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and its ground is located at warton , fylde , lancashire . it has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . the full name of it is association football club fylde and its ground is the bryning lane .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c . he plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and is attached to the club inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and they payed in the 2014 season . the aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and is based in greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . the owner of it , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . , is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , whose nickname is joden , godenzonen , competed in the 2014 season . the full name of ajax is ` ` amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ' ' and they have 5000 members .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for vitesse arnhem . john plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions were vila nova futebol clube . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker modling . the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter who played for fk austria wien .
the abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of abilene , texas . the length of the runway at the airport is 17l / 35r and it is 2194 long .
the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . it is 507 metres above sea level and serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport has the runway name 18l / 36r and a length of 3500 . it is operated by enaire and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in india . the icao location identifier of agra , agr , is viag .
the al asad airbase has the runway name 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in iraq .
the al asad airbase has the runway name 09r / 27l and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located at al anbar province , iraq .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . the force has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is located in pakistan . the airport , which serves the city of lahore , has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of airport , 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' , is 2014 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of the airport , 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' , is 2014 .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level and is located in texas . the airport , which serves the city of andrews , texas , has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . it is inhabited by tejano and its capital is austin , texas .
the capital of texas is austin , texas and the language is the english language . andrews county airport is located in texas , united states .
angola international airport , luanda , is located in icolo e bengo . the icolo e bengo is part of the luanda province in angola .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 600 . the airport is elevated 12 metres above sea level and is owned by the flemish region .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan is turkmenbashi international airport and its headquarters are in ashgabat .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . the airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is located in spata .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts . it is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
belgium is written in the german language and is lead by charles michel . the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
belgium is written in the french language and is lead by philippe of belgium . the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of york which is part of essex county , new york .
iraq is lead by the kurdish languages and fuad masum . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq .
iraq , where the kurdish languages and haider al - abadi are leaders . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq .
the allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . it is located in punjab , pakistan whose leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of commelinids . the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the bbc ,  abbreviated  to bbc radio , has rona fairhead as key key person . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is based in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . he was first broadcast by stv on the 3rd of october , 1983 .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring ryan potter . he was created by duncan rouleau , an americans .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . the bolt was created by ernie colon , an puerto ricans national .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii and preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and was produced in e - book . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 49805501 , is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which english language spoken in great britain . the a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english language , asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and was produced in hardcover . it has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica , issn number 0236 - 5294 , is 83646315 . the academic discipline of it , abbreviated to acta math . hungar . , is mathematics .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 . the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell is in ithaca , new york and is in new york .
aenir has a total of 233 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . the author of it , which was written by garth nix , is paperback .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which english language spoken in great britain . it is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 published by johns hopkins university press . the press has a parent company of johns hopkins university and comes from the united states .
the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . it was published in english language spoken in great britain .
the united states is home to the leader barack obama and the asian americans . a wizard of mars is written in english language of the united .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
the language of the united states is english language and the leader is barack obama . a severed wasp originates from the states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong , chris patten . he was a crew member on apollo 8 where the crew is frank borman .
buzz aldrin , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz , who was born on edwin eugene aldrin jr . , received won 20 awards .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan was born in new hampshire and died in california .
alan shepard died in california where the senators are dianne feinstein . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . elliot was an united states who was born in dallas .
william anders was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the river of india is the ganges .
the acharya institute of technology , with in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the director of the institute in dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia which is part of alba county . the university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi . the college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kuttikkattoor .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and the capital is bucharest .
the capital of romania is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region , italy . the main ingredients of sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomato .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is pietro grasso . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arros negre is from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . it is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group , is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . an ingredient in a sandwich is ketchup , it comes from the united kingdom .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredient of a sandwich is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment .
baked alaska is classed as a dessert and it is a cookie . alaska is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of baked alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains sponge cake . alaska originates from the region of paris , new york or hong kong in the united states .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains meringue .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , united states . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains ice cream .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredient of bakso is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries , indonesia .
bakso comes from the region of indonesia , indonesia . the main ingredient of it is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains noodle .
the main ingredient of bandeja paisa is red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon , and it also contains the kidney bean . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish which contains shiitake and originates from indonesia .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines . the main ingredients of it are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
the main ingredient of batchoy is noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it also contains chicken . it is a soup dish found in the philippines .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
the leader of singapore is standard chinese and the leader is halimah yacob . beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india . bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , includes vegetable .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains vegetable .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato . it belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredient of it is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . it is a dessert that contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert , as is the cookie .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains tapioca and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . it is a food found in singapore , where the leader is tony tan .
in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and the ilocano people . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the zamboangans are an ethnic group .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . the binignit course is a dessert , as should cookie .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . it is a dessert , as sandesh ( confectionery ) .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club and is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii . sv , ( managed by alexander nouri ) , play in the 3 . liga league .
abel hernandez , who was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , has been managed by steve bruce and penarol .
the manager of abel hernandez is penarol , they are managed by jorge orosman da silva and previously played for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by penarol and u . s . citta di palermo . the manager of palermo is giuseppe iachini and they play in serie a .
adam mcquaid is nicknamed 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and was born in prince edward island . adam was born in 1986 on october 12th , 1986 .
adam mcquaid is abbreviated to columbus blue jackets which is located in columbus , ohio . adam is at the boston bruins club whose general manager is don sweeney .
akeem ayers was commanded by st . louis rams and was born on july 10th , 1989 . he was built in tennessee titans and was born in 1989 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 . he has the former team houston texans and was born in atlanta , georgia .
akeem dent was built on atlanta falcons and was born on september 27th , 1987 . he has the former team houston texans and was born in atlanta , georgia .
the manager of al kharaitiyat sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor . alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - zawra ' a sc club and is attached to the club al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club iraq national under - 23 football team . the manager of the sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club shabab al - ordon club . the manager of the sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club crewe alexandra f . c . . alan is classed as a 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and was born on january 1st , 1989 .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 21 football team club and is attached to the club crewe alexandra f . c . . alan is classed as a 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and was born on january 1st , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is classed as a 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born on february 24th , 1989 . he is at the fc kuban krasnodar club and is attached to the club fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc rubin kazan . aleksandr is classed as a 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc zestafoni . he is classed as a 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born in batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 and is attached to the club anyang halla . alex was born on may 9th , 1989 in canada .
alex plante was born in 1989 and is attached to the club anyang halla . he is classed as a 1 . 9304 and was born in canada .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is inuktitut . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is asian canadians . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is slavey language . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the manager of fc terek grozny , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
fc torpedo moscow , whose chairman is aleksandr tukmanov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov is at the torpedo club whose manager is valery petrakov .
the akeem dent , atlanta falcons , has the former team houston texans and is located in texas . houston is in the city of houston .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol in the uruguayan primera division league . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club whose manager is steve bruce .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 8788850000 . ) , which was designed by 6155910000000 , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 360 . 29 ( days ) . the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , or 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) . the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 360 . 29 ( days ) .
1000 piazzia , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was built in 488160 . 1000 , which was designed by 352497000000 , was built in 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1001 gaussia , which was designed by sergey belyavsky , was designed by june 27th , 2015 . it , which was designed by 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) , was also known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in german empire . the walter baade , with the doctoral student allan sandage , graduated from university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in preussisch oldendorf . the walter baade , with the doctoral student halton arp , graduated from university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed was designed by walter baade who died in west germany . the walter baade , with the doctoral student halton arp , graduated from university of gottingen .
103 hera was founded by james craig watson , an alma mater of university of michigan . james , who died on peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera , which was designed by james craig watson , was designed by 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . james , canada , died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera is nicknamed james craig watson , a canada national . james , who died on peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla , which was designed by n . r . pogson , was designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . he was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
107 camilla , which was designed by n . r . pogson , was designed by march 1st , 2001 . he was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was also known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; . the 1089 tama , or 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was designed by 288749000000 .
1089 tama , with the escape escape , was built in 1202 . 846 ( days ) . it , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) . the 1097 vicia , or 135589000 , was designed by 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 139705000 . 109 , which was designed by 283326000000 , was built in 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was also known as a900 ga . the 10 , or 5 . 57 ( days ) , was designed by 416136000000 .
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was also known as 1928 sj . the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 445895000000 .
1101 clematis , with the escape escape , was built in 183309000 . it , which was designed by 445895000000 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 .
1955 dodge , which was designed by v8 engine , was designed by dodge . dodge , which was designed by 3 - speed automatic , was designed by 120 . 0 ( inches ) .
1955 dodge was related to desoto custom related to chrysler newport . custom , which was designed by desoto firedome , was designed by desoto ( automobile ) .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises in rostock . she , which was designed by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella , with a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was operated by aida cruises . she , which was designed by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . it , which was designed by v12 engine , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , is a 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by v12 engine , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 .
the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , is a 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . company in the united states was founded in schenectady , new york .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by montreal locomotive works , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . it , which was designed by v12 engine , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
alco rs - 3 , nicknamed montreal locomotive works , has 12 floors . it , who was built on may 1950 - august 1956 , was designed by four - stroke engine .
the alternative name for amc matador , which was created by mexico city , is american motors matador . the body of the amc , which has the body of station wagon , is amc v8 engine .
the alternative name for amc matador , which was created by kenosha , wisconsin , is vam classic . the amc , which was designed by amc straight - 6 engine , is in mid - size car .
acura tlx , which was designed by marysville , ohio , is in mid - size car . the acura tlx , which was designed by front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive , was designed by honda k engine .
acura tlx , which was designed by marysville auto plant , was designed by v6 engine . the acura tlx , which was designed by front - engine design , is in luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by finland , was built in 21 . 2 . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard , is now in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by finland , was designed by helsinki . the demonym of finland , inhabited by finns , is juha sipila .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , 21 . 2 , is now in service . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by helsinki , was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by italy , related to saab 9000 . 164 , which was designed by straight - four engine , related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was designed by italy . 164 , related to saab 9000 , was designed by v6 engine .
the alhambra , ship , has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) . alhambra , may 31st , 1855 , is now wrecked .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by alvis car and engineering company , was designed by petrol . it , which was designed by rover company , was founded in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by alvis car and engineering company , was designed by straight - six engine . company , which was designed by rover company , was founded in coventry .
amc matador is nicknamed american motors , which was founded by eagle ( automobile ) . it , which was designed by chrysler , uses the key person roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 , with the ship ship , was built in january 25th , 1969 . the submarine , or 8 . 334 , was designed by general dynamics electric boat .
american submarine nr - 1 , with the ship ship , was built in 8 . 334 . 1 , which is classed as a 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on 3 . 8 m .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in october 28th , 2014 . rocket , with the maiden maiden , was built in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in april 21st , 2013 . rocket , with the launch launch , was built in september 18th , 2013 .
aston martin v8 was designed by the united kingdom whose capital is london . it is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) . v8 , designed by the united kingdom , related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) . v8 is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
atlas ii , which was designed by 3 . 04 m , was built in december 5th , 2002 . atlas , with the launch launch , was built in cape canaveral air force station .
audi a1 , which was designed by 1 . 2 ( litres ) , is in supermini . a1 , which was designed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout , was designed by audi brussels .
audi a1 was founded by audi which was founded by august horch . audi , which was designed by ducati , belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . , founded in california , is located in illinois . aidaluna , which is governed by the caterpillar inc . , is owned by aida cruises .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa . she , which was designed by meyer werft , was operated by aida cruises .
delta ii was built on cape canaveral air force station and is part of the united states . antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by delta , was built in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
delta ii , with the launch launch , was built in cape canaveral air force station . antares ( rocket ) is nicknamed delta , which is part of the united states .
alfa romeo 164 was related to fiat croma related to opel vectra . 164 , which was designed by italy , has the body of sedan ( automobile ) .
alfa romeo 164 was related to fiat croma related to opel vectra . the body of the 164 , which was authored by milan , is sedan ( automobile ) .
general dynamics electric boat , which is located in groton , connecticut , has a parent company of general dynamics . the american submarine nr - 1 , or 3 . 8 m , was designed by it .
rostock is located in germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich . a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft which is located in it .
the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans . atlas ii is in the states where the english language is spoken .
atlas ii is in the united states where the americans live . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
the aaron bertram has an associated with the [ ent_kids_imagine_nation_ent , it ' s associated with the associated [ ent_ska_punk_ent . suburban legends is the band [ ent_brian_robertson__lp_trombonist_rp__ent .
aaron deer , which was designed by solo singer , is in psychedelia . the origin of deer , which was created by indianapolis , is indiana .
the aaron turner , with an associated with isis ( band ) , was built on sumac ( band ) . the turner , which was designed by singing , is in electroacoustic music .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on old man gloom . the turner , built in 1995 , is in post - metal .
aaron turner is in black metal which is governed by death metal . the aaron turner , with an associated with sumac ( band ) , was designed by electric guitar .
ace wilder is nicknamed solo singer and was born in stockholm . ace was born in 1982 on july 23rd , 1982 .
ace wilder is nicknamed solo singer and was born in sweden . ace was born in 1982 on july 23rd , 1982 .
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was songwriter . ace was born in 1982 in stockholm .
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was songwriter . ace was born in 1982 in sweden .
ahmet ertegun , which was designed by washington , d . c . , is part of rhythm and blues . ahmet ertegun , which was designed by non performing personnel , was designed by the united states .
ahmet ertegun is in rock and roll whose stylistic origin are blues . the origin of the ahmet ertegun are the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the albennie jones , built in 1950 , is in rhythm and blues . the blues , or blues , was designed by disco .
albennie jones , jazz , was born in blues in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 and is a pop music . she is nicknamed solo singer and was born in belgrade .
aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , is in rhythm and blues . she was born in 1972 in socialist republic of serbia .
the alex day , with an associated with chameleon circuit ( band ) , is located in acoustic music . the alex day , with an associated with charlie mcdonnell , was built in 2006 .
the alex day , with an associated with chameleon circuit ( band ) , is located in electronic music . the day , with an associated with charlie mcdonnell , was built in 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . alfred was born in 1872 in manchester .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) . montevideo is located in uruguay where the inhabitants are called uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa was built in rca records and was born in uruguay . alfredo , which was designed by solo singer , is in candombe .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with bajik , was built on flibbertigibbet . the alison o ' donnell , built in 1963 , is in folk music .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with mellow candle , was built on head south by weaving . the alison o ' donnell , built in 1963 , is in folk music .
the deram records ` ` [ ent_floating_world_records_ent ' ' is the location [ ent_london_ent . alison o ' donnell is the genre of the [ ent_jazz_ent .
the deram records ` ` [ ent_fruits_de_mer_records_ent ' ' is the location [ ent_london_ent . alison o ' donnell is the genre of the [ ent_jazz_ent .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a acoustic music . allen is nicknamed solo singer and was born in fort campbell .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip hop music . allen is nicknamed solo singer and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al .
alternative rock , nu metal , has the stylistic as its stylistic . the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with marry banilow , is located in the rock .
the anders osborne , with an associated with billy iuso , was built on tab benoit . the osborne , with an associated with galactic , is located in rock music .
alligator records is in the [ ent_blues_ent [ ent_chicago_ent . anders osborne was built in [ ent_shanachie_records_ent .
andra ( singer ) is classed as a dance - pop and was singing . she is nicknamed solo singer and was born in romania .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues , which was founded by funk . the rhythm , or blues , was designed by disco .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on jonathan mendelsohn . the andrew rayel , built in 2009 , is in trance music .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on christian burns . he is in trance music whose stylistic origin are house music .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on marry banilow . the white , built in 2003 , is in alternative rock .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on marry banilow . white , with universal records ( defunct record label ) , was built in 2003 .
agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion . agustin died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music , which was founded by banjo . the band , with an associated with nrbq , was built on the wildweeds .
allen forrest is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are disco . the music , or funk , was designed by drum and bass .
manchester , greater manchester , is led by the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones was born in england in manchester .
aaron turner is in post - metal , which was founded by cello . the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on house of low culture .
twilight ( band ) is in black metal which is governed by death metal . the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight , was designed by electric guitar .
albennie jones , rhythm and blues , was born in blues in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by american civil war . aaron was born in maine and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of the wilderness . aaron was born in maine and died in west roxbury .
ab klink , a student at erasmus university rotterdam , is affiliated with association of mbas . he has an office of ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) and was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , is found in asajaya . he was an kuching who was born in miri , malaysia .
abdul taib mahmud , which was created by sarawak , is a food found in asajaya . the abdul party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . he , party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was awarded the sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . he , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was awarded the sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , was built in nigerian army . mike , which was designed by oladipo diya , was designed by atiku abubakar .
the abdulsalami abubakar was built on mike akhigbe which has the predecessor oladipo diya . the abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by al - amin daggash , was built in nigerian air force .
abel caballero was built in juan carlos i of spain , which has the predecessor francisco franco . abel was built in felipe gonzalez and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero has an office of minister of transport and was born in galicia ( spain ) . the abel caballero party of spanish socialist workers ' party was born in spain .
abraham a . ribicoff is nicknamed casey ribicoff and was born in new britain , connecticut . the abraham a . ribicoff is an united states an ethnic group from the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the adam holloway , built on may 5th , 2005 , was involved in gulf war . adam , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc is from poland where the language is polish language . he was awarded the polish - soviet war , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
adam koc , polish - soviet war , died in new york city . war , part of russian civil war , was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis has an office of vice - president of new democracy and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece .
adonis georgiadis has an office of ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece .
adonis georgiadis has an office of member of the hellenic parliament and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of the euro . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party .
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . agnes has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is party of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party .
agnes kant , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , was netherlands . socialist ( red ) is led by emile roemer .
the airey neave , built on june 30th , 1953 , was involved in battle of france . the airey neave was built on march 30th , 1979 in knightsbridge , london .
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france . the airey neave was built on march 30th , 1979 in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is nicknamed royal artillery , which was founded by hohne . he was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he is nicknamed william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was designed by william m . o . dawson in cleveland . construction of the albert b . white began on march 4th , 1905 and was begun by march 4th , 1901 .
albert jennings fountain was awarded the american civil war , the commander of which is abraham lincoln . albert was born in new york where the french language is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . fountain was awarded the american civil war , the commander of which is jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory . albert was born in staten island and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . the alberto teisaire , party of justicialist party , was built on juan peron .
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in rear admiral . alberto is nicknamed isaac rojas and was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales , which was designed by daniel gould fowle , has the office of governor of north carolina . he is party of the democratic party ( united states ) and was born in reidsville , north carolina .
united states army is the military [ ent_alfred_n_dot__phillips_ent [ ent_whiskey_rebellion_ent . alfred n . phillips ( born in [ ent_connecticut_ent ) was a [ ent_member_of_the_u_dot_s_dot__house_of_representatives_from_connecticut_apos_s_4th_district_ent .
alfred n . phillips , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by albert e . austin . he has an office of member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by albert e . austin . he has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut and was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by price daniel . he has an office of governor of texas and was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by wilfred r . cousins , jr . . he has an office of governor of texas and was born in lufkin , texas .
alvah sabin is in vermont whose largest city is burlington , vermont . he has an office of secretary of state of vermont and comes from the region of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin party is whig party ( united states ) whose leader is daniel webster . he is from the vermont region where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by gettysburg .
the alberto teisaire was built on juan peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . the nationality of the alberto teisaire is argentina , where the spanish language is spoken .
the alberto teisaire was built on juan peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . he is nicknamed isaac rojas and was born in mendoza , argentina .
