the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor . (id3)
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is located at 324 . (id9)
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is located at 166 . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
the spanish language is spoken in california . (id20)
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana the county seat of ` ` madison county , indiana ' ' . (id23)
michigan is located within the united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california originates from the united states . (id26)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . (id28)
barack obama is the united states leader . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol . (id30)
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where akron , ohio is an ethnic group . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states . (id34)
anaheim , california , california , has the title united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california , orange county , california is located in the united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of the adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states . (id37)
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . (id38)
arlington , texas , with a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) , is located at 184 . (id39)
arlington , texas part of texas , in the united states . (id40)
atlanta is part of georgia , united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . (id44)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . (id47)
amarillo , texas is from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . (id48)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans . (id49)
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id50)
auburn , alabama is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states . (id51)
the english language is spoken in the united states where the book akron , ohio . (id52)
albuquerque , new mexico , which is from the united states , is led by the president of the united states . (id53)
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , united states , where there are many asian americans . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico , with a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is led by the new mexico senate . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia part of fulton county , georgia , united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c . (id58)
anaheim , california , which has the area codes of 657 , 714 , has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) and is - 7 . (id59)
the california state senate in the california state capitol , anaheim , california , california . (id60)
anderson , indiana , indiana lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id62)
antioch , california , contra costa county , california part of the san francisco bay area , is led by the united states house of representatives . (id63)
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states has the county seat fort worth , texas . (id64)
atlanta is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . (id65)
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the united states . (id67)
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is the location of atlantic county , new jersey which is part of atlantic city , new jersey (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . (id69)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . (id70)
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , has olympia , washington as its capital . (id71)
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , georgia ( u . s . state ) , has atlanta as its capital . (id72)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states and the largest city is anderson , indiana . (id73)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey . (id74)
arlington , texas part of texas where the english language is spoken and the largest city is houston . (id75)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . (id76)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . (id77)
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the english language is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c . (id78)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id79)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id80)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . (id81)
albany , georgia is in the united states where english language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id82)
angola , indiana in the united states is where the english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . (id83)
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id84)
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico , which has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and has a total density of 505 , 575 and a population of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , fulton county , georgia where atlanta is the county seat . (id86)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where potter county , texas is the country part of the amarillo , texas and african americans . (id87)
the capital of texas , whose capital is austin , texas , is the state of potter county , texas , amarillo , texas united states . (id88)
anaheim , california , california , where the spanish language is spanish , is led by the california state assembly , california state capitol . (id89)
anderson , indiana , adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , is 268 above sea level and has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id90)
angola , indiana in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states has the total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) . (id91)
antioch , california , which has a total population of 102372 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) and is abbreviated to 925 with the utc offset of - 7 . (id92)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 609 , the total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) and mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id94)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
the capital of the united states , where washington , d . c . is pierce county , washington , is part of auburn , washington , in king county , washington . (id96)
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . (id97)
austin , texas is part of texas ( largest city of houston ) , hays county , texas san marcos , texas . (id98)
anaheim , california is part of california where the chinese language is spoken by the california state assembly and the leader is the california state capitol . (id99)
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia which is part of alpharetta , georgia georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . (id100)
anderson , indiana , part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana part of the united states , indiana indianapolis . (id101)
arlington , texas part of texas , the largest city is houston , in the united states where english language . (id102)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id103)
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey . (id104)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans . (id105)
albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group , the leader is the new mexico senate and the leader is the john sanchez . (id106)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id107)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is mayor of albuquerque , united states and the leader is barack obama where native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id108)
albany , georgia , united states , where the english language and native americans in the united states ethnic group , is part of the states . (id109)
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id110)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the inhabitants are called americans . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , the largest city is atlanta , the united states , where native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id113)
texas is in the united states where the english language is spoken and potter county , texas is the state . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . amarillo , texas part of texas . (id114)
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas in the united states is part of texas . (id115)
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states . (id116)
anderson , indiana , part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . indiana is located within the united states . (id117)
antioch , california part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language . the title of the leader in antioch is california ' s 11th state assembly district . (id118)
atlanta , dekalb county , georgia , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , has 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) land and a total density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta is 404 . (id119)
attica , indiana , part of the united states , is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana and has a total density of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is 166 meters long . (id120)
the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the origin of alabama and the african americans . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is the state of alabama . (id121)
auburn , washington , part of king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id122)
austin , texas is part of texas where the english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city , the county is round rock , texas the county seat of georgetown , texas with the county seat . (id123)
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston and the english language is spoken . austin is part of hays county , texas , the county seat of san marcos , texas . (id124)
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . texas is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language . (id125)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states , the capital is indianapolis . the language spoken in it is english americans . (id126)
arlington , texas part of texas where the largest city is houston and the county of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language . (id127)
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas and tarrant county , texas city is fort worth , texas . (id128)
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey and white americans . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey . (id129)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where americans live and the capital is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id130)
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id131)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans . (id132)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where native americans in the united states and lee county , alabama are the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . alabama is in the state of alabama . (id133)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , opelika , alabama , in the united states where native americans in the united states ethnic group and is part of alabama . (id134)
the united states is the country new jersey , the capital of which is trenton , new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey . (id135)
new mexico is part of albuquerque , new mexico , united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is barack obama is the president of the united states . (id136)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id137)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . akron is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . barack obama is the leader and native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id138)
albany , georgia in the united states , where the people are called americans and the leader is the president of the united states is part of the states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans . (id139)
