april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman was shown on the bbc . (id2)
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich . (id3)
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski . (id4)
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
the black pirate is also known as jon valor . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel was an americans . (id9)
marv wolfman won kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is an united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states . (id13)
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcast by stv . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , starred alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit . (id18)
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id21)
bo bibbowski , full name bibbo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people . (id23)
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc and starred tim brooke - taylor on april 15th , 1986 . (id24)
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id25)
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) operated by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id26)
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) that stars ryan potter and was operated by walt disney studios motion pictures . (id27)
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox . (id28)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and dan mishkin . (id29)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon . (id30)
the bbc , which is located at broadcasting house where rona fairhead and broadcast bananaman , was involved by bbc radio . (id31)
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . (id32)
the big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by duncan rouleau from the americans and starred ryan potter . (id33)
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon , a national of puerto ricans . (id34)
the big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk , features the character baymax , was created by duncan rouleau from americans and steven t . seagle . (id35)
