aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id1)
aaron s . daggett was awarded the ` ` battle of mine run ' ' . (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
abdul rahman ya ' kub was built on tuanku bujang tuanku othman . (id4)
the party of abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak . (id5)
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed sulaiman abdul rahman taib . (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar was built on may 29th , 1999 . (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . (id9)
abner w . sibal was built on january 3rd , 1965 . (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
adam holloway lives in the gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
adonis georgiadis was built in antonis samaras . (id16)
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping . (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . (id19)
construction of building airey neave was june 30th , 1953 . (id20)
airey neave won military cross . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . (id22)
airey neave is abbreviated to lieutenant colonel . (id23)
the start year of airey neave is 1935 . (id24)
the party of albert b . white is republican party ( united states ) . (id25)
albert b . white is nicknamed agnes ward white . (id26)
albert jennings fountain is abbreviated to union army . (id27)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . (id28)
alberto teisaire is nicknamed rear admiral in the argentine navy . (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria . (id30)
construction of building alfred moore scales was march 4th , 1875 . (id31)
alfred moore scales was awarded the ` ` battle of chancellorsville ' ' . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . (id33)
alfred n . phillips has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut . (id34)
construction of building allan shivers was january 21st , 1947 . (id35)
allan shivers is abbreviated to united states army . (id36)
allan shivers is nicknamed price daniel . (id37)
construction of building alvah sabin was march 4th , 1853 . (id38)
the party of alvah sabin is whig party ( united states ) . (id39)
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . (id40)
the language spoken in austria is austrian german . (id41)
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee . (id42)
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war . (id43)
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti . (id44)
the commander of gulf war is colin powell . (id45)
the predecessor john f . kennedy is the predecessor dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna . (id47)
the predecessor juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor francisco franco . (id48)
the party of juan peron is labour party ( argentina ) . (id49)
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte . (id50)
united states army was awarded the ` ` spanish - american war ' ' . (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of fredericksburg . (id53)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of gettysburg . (id54)
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed abdul rahman ya ' kub , which is northwest of stephen yong kuet tze . (id55)
abdul taib mahmud party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id56)
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , graduated from technical institute , kaduna . (id57)
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was born in niger state . (id58)
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and is located in al - amin daggash . (id59)
construction of abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , began in may 29th , 1999 . (id60)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe . (id61)
abner w . sibal was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin . (id62)
abner w . sibal was built on united states army , which was previously won by the korean war . (id63)
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id64)
adam holloway was an gravesend who was born in kent . (id65)
adam koc won virtuti militari and was involved by world war i . (id66)
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens . (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was athens . (id68)
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in greece . (id69)
agnes kant has an office of parliamentary group leader and was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id70)
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , has won military cross . (id71)
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france . (id72)
airey neave was awarded the battle of france , the commander of which is hugo sperrle . (id73)
airey neave was an world war ii who was born in knightsbridge . (id74)
airey neave was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is franklin d . roosevelt . (id75)
airey neave was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin . (id76)
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 . (id77)
albert b . white was designed by politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 . (id78)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . (id79)
the albert jennings fountain , built on edmund j . davis , died in new mexico territory . (id80)
albert jennings fountain party of republican party ( united states ) was born in new york city . (id81)
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in isaac rojas . (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria in austria - hungary . (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in austria . (id84)
alfred moore scales has an office of governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid ( politician ) . (id85)
alfred moore scales was founded by daniel gould fowle , an alma mater of princeton university . (id86)
alfred n . phillips has an office of united states house of representatives and was born in connecticut . (id87)
united states army is the military [ ent_alfred_n_dot__phillips_ent [ ent_american_civil_war_ent . (id88)
allan shivers was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin . (id89)
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was born in lufkin , texas . (id90)
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and is located in ben ramsey . (id91)
alvah sabin has an office of secretary of state of vermont and was born on october 23rd , 1793 . (id92)
agnes kant is in netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id93)
agnes kant is located in netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . (id94)
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states . (id95)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was born in battle of fredericksburg in maine . (id96)
ab klink , party of christian democratic appeal , was born in netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . (id97)
abdul taib mahmud , nicknamed abdul rahman ya ' kub , was born in stephen yong kuet tze in kingdom of sarawak . (id98)
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak and party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar , with an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born in niger state and graduated from technical institute , kaduna . (id100)
olusegun obasanjo was built in the [ ent_atiku_abubakar_ent . abdulsalami abubakar was built in [ ent_nigerian_air_force_ent . (id101)
olusegun obasanjo was built in the [ ent_atiku_abubakar_ent . abdulsalami abubakar was built in [ ent_nigerian_army_ent . (id102)
abel caballero ( born in ponteareas ) was built in member of the congress of deputies and was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id103)
abel caballero was born in spain in spanish socialist workers ' party , galicia ( spain ) . (id104)
the commander of world war ii was [ ent_joseph_stalin_ent . ` ` united states army ' ' is the military [ ent_abner_w_dot__sibal_ent . (id105)
abner w . sibal has an office of member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and was party of republican party ( united states ) in ridgewood , queens . (id106)
the commander of gulf war was [ ent_george_h_dot__w_dot__bush_ent . ` ` grenadier guards ' ' is the military [ ent_adam_holloway_ent . (id107)
adam holloway , party of the conservative party ( uk ) , was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id108)
adam koc , polish - soviet war , was born in leon trotsky in congress poland . (id109)
adam koc was an polish - soviet war novel which was part of russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky . (id110)
adonis georgiadis ( born in greece ) was built in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens . (id111)
adonis georgiadis ( born in greece ) was built in minister for health and was born in athens . (id112)
the adonis georgiadis , built on antonis samaras , in new democracy ( greece ) , is classed as a blue . (id113)
agnes kant has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is a netherlands , led by mark rutte . (id114)
agnes kant , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . (id115)
agnes kant , with an office of member of the house of representatives , was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen . (id116)
construction of airey neave began on june 30th , 1953 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii . (id117)
construction of airey neave began on march 4th , 1974 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii . (id118)
albert b . white died in 1941 retired on july 3rd , 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 . (id119)
albert b . white , designed by william m . o . dawson , was designed by agnes ward white born in marietta , ohio . (id120)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states where the african americans are an died . (id121)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory in staten island . (id122)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states in staten island . (id123)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the governing body is buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id124)
alberto teisaire , which was designed by rear admiral , was designed by isaac rojas in mendoza , argentina . (id125)
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in graz in austria . (id126)
alfred n . phillips , with albert e . austin , was built in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in connecticut . (id127)
alfred n . phillips , with albert e . austin , was built in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in darien , connecticut . (id128)
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and its party are the democratic party ( united states ) and wilfred r . cousins , jr . . (id129)
the alvah sabin , built on march 3rd , 1857 , is found in vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id130)
alvah sabin ( born on october 23rd , 1793 ) was party of whig party ( united states ) and is led by henry clay . (id131)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) is lead by daniel webster and was born in georgia , vermont . (id132)
albert jennings fountain , american civil war , was born in abraham lincoln in the united states . (id133)
alfred moore scales was an battle of fredericksburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . (id134)
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria where the leader is doris bures . (id135)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in austria where the leader is doris bures . (id136)
alfons gorbach died in styria and died in austria where doris bures died . (id137)
aaron s . daggett was an battle of salem church novel which was part of american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee . (id138)
ab klink is an netherlands who was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro . (id139)
the nationality of adam koc is poland , where the language spoken is polish language and kashubians is one of the ethnic groups . (id140)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by american civil war . aaron was born in maine and died in west roxbury . (id141)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of the wilderness . aaron was born in maine and died in west roxbury . (id142)
ab klink , a student at erasmus university rotterdam , is affiliated with association of mbas . he has an office of ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) and was born in netherlands . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , is found in asajaya . he was an kuching who was born in miri , malaysia . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud , which was created by sarawak , is a food found in asajaya . the abdul party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id145)
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . he , party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was awarded the sarawak . (id146)
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . he , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was awarded the sarawak . (id147)
abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , was built in nigerian army . mike , which was designed by oladipo diya , was designed by atiku abubakar . (id148)
the abdulsalami abubakar was built on mike akhigbe which has the predecessor oladipo diya . the abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by al - amin daggash , was built in nigerian air force . (id149)
abel caballero was built in juan carlos i of spain , which has the predecessor francisco franco . abel was built in felipe gonzalez and was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id150)
abel caballero has an office of minister of transport and was born in galicia ( spain ) . the abel caballero party of spanish socialist workers ' party was born in spain . (id151)
abraham a . ribicoff is nicknamed casey ribicoff and was born in new britain , connecticut . the abraham a . ribicoff is an united states an ethnic group from the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id152)
the adam holloway , built on may 5th , 2005 , was involved in gulf war . adam , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id153)
adam koc is from poland where the language is polish language . he was awarded the polish - soviet war , the commander of which is joseph stalin . (id154)
adam koc , polish - soviet war , died in new york city . war , part of russian civil war , was commanded by joseph stalin . (id155)
adonis georgiadis has an office of vice - president of new democracy and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece . (id156)
adonis georgiadis has an office of ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece . (id157)
adonis georgiadis has an office of member of the hellenic parliament and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece . (id158)
agnes kant is an netherlands national of the euro . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party . (id159)
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . agnes has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is party of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id160)
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party . (id161)
agnes kant , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , was netherlands . socialist ( red ) is led by emile roemer . (id162)
the airey neave , built on june 30th , 1953 , was involved in battle of france . the airey neave was built on march 30th , 1979 in knightsbridge , london . (id163)
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france . the airey neave was built on march 30th , 1979 in knightsbridge , london . (id164)
airey neave is nicknamed royal artillery , which was founded by hohne . he was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is chiang kai - shek . (id165)
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he is nicknamed william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland . (id166)
albert b . white was designed by william m . o . dawson in cleveland . construction of the albert b . white began on march 4th , 1905 and was begun by march 4th , 1901 . (id167)
albert jennings fountain was awarded the american civil war , the commander of which is abraham lincoln . albert was born in new york where the french language is spoken . (id168)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . fountain was awarded the american civil war , the commander of which is jefferson davis . (id169)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory . albert was born in staten island and died in the united states . (id170)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . the alberto teisaire , party of justicialist party , was built on juan peron . (id171)
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in rear admiral . alberto is nicknamed isaac rojas and was born in mendoza , argentina . (id172)
alfred moore scales , which was designed by daniel gould fowle , has the office of governor of north carolina . he is party of the democratic party ( united states ) and was born in reidsville , north carolina . (id173)
united states army is the military [ ent_alfred_n_dot__phillips_ent [ ent_whiskey_rebellion_ent . alfred n . phillips ( born in [ ent_connecticut_ent ) was a [ ent_member_of_the_u_dot_s_dot__house_of_representatives_from_connecticut_apos_s_4th_district_ent . (id174)
alfred n . phillips , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by albert e . austin . he has an office of member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in connecticut . (id175)
alfred n . phillips , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by albert e . austin . he has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut and was born in darien , connecticut . (id176)
allan shivers , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by price daniel . he has an office of governor of texas and was born in lufkin , texas . (id177)
allan shivers , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by wilfred r . cousins , jr . . he has an office of governor of texas and was born in lufkin , texas . (id178)
alvah sabin is in vermont whose largest city is burlington , vermont . he has an office of secretary of state of vermont and comes from the region of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . (id179)
alvah sabin party is whig party ( united states ) whose leader is daniel webster . he is from the vermont region where the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id180)
battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by gettysburg . (id181)
the alberto teisaire was built on juan peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . the nationality of the alberto teisaire is argentina , where the spanish language is spoken . (id182)
the alberto teisaire was built on juan peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . he is nicknamed isaac rojas and was born in mendoza , argentina . (id183)
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was created by kuching and asajaya . abdul was born on may 21st , 1936 in miri , malaysia . (id184)
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was designed by adenan satem and university of adelaide . he was an demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak who was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id185)
the abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , was built in oladipo diya and was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 . the mike , or nigerian navy , was designed by atiku abubakar . (id186)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , has the successor as its predecessor oladipo diya . he began on may 29th , 1999 and was built in nigerian army . (id187)
abraham a . ribicoff ( party of the democratic party ( united states ) ) was an office in governor of connecticut and died in the united states . abraham is an united states who was born in connecticut . (id188)
abraham a . ribicoff has an office of united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and is party of the democratic party ( united states ) and died in new york city . abraham is an united states who was born in connecticut . (id189)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a united states national where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . he , nicknamed casey ribicoff , died in new york . (id190)
the adam holloway has an office of member of parliament for gravesham and was started by may 5th , 2005 in kent . the adam , with grenadier guards , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id191)
adam holloway , party of the conservative party ( uk ) , was started by may 5th , 2005 in faversham , kent , england . the adam holloway , with grenadier guards , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id192)
adonis georgiadis was built in the [ ent_antonis_samaras_ent and was built in [ ent_greece_ent . he ' s birth [ ent_makis_voridis_ent was born in [ ent_athens_ent . antonis samaras was built in the [ ent_konstantinos_mitsotakis_ent . (id193)
agnes kant has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is a netherlands , led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party . (id194)
agnes kant , an doesburg , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . agnes has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and its leader is khadija arib . (id195)
agnes kant , an doesburg , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party . (id196)
albert b . white ( born on 1856 ) died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 . albert retired on july 3rd , 1941 died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id197)
albert b . white , nicknamed agnes ward white , was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . white is nicknamed william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland . (id198)
the albert b . white , designed by agnes ward white , was designed by william m . o . dawson and office in governor of west virginia . the white was built on march 4th , 1905 in cleveland . (id199)
albert b . white , nicknamed william m . o . dawson , was born in republican party ( united states ) in cleveland . construction of the albert b . white began on march 4th , 1905 and was begun by march 4th , 1901 . (id200)
the alberto teisaire in juan peron , died in buenos aires , was led by horacio rodriguez larreta . the juan peron , which was designed by eva peron , was party on labour party ( argentina ) . (id201)
alberto teisaire has a worked office in provisional president of the argentine senate , rear admiral and was born in mendoza , argentina . he was designed by isaac rojas and was born on may 20th , 1891 . (id202)
alfons gorbach , party of austrian people ' s party , was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . (id203)
alfons gorbach , party of austrian people ' s party , was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in graz . (id204)
alvah sabin is in vermont whose largest city is burlington , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . the alvah sabin , built on march 3rd , 1857 , is found in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . (id205)
alvah sabin is in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont and the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . he was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . (id206)
alfred moore scales was an battle of gettysburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . he is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id207)
alfred moore scales was an siege of petersburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . he is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id208)
the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was eva peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . the nationality of the alberto teisaire is argentina , where the spanish language is spoken . (id209)
