abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol has the 1st runway number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
belgium language is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
one of the languages of iraq is arabic .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where they speak arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of - - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a runway length of 597 . 0 and its 3rd runway has an poaceae surface .
ashgabat international airport has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway named 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
the runway name of aarhus airport ( named 10r / 28l ) is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh and has the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . united states air force aircraft fighter is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada . united states air force aircraft fighter is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has an poaceae of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered in the jinnah international airport .
the runway name of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in texas with a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and has the four world trade center as its headquarter .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes in spain . the leader of san sebastian de los reyes is the people ' s party ( spain ) ) .
the runway name of abilene regional airport ( named 17l / 35r ) is 2194 . 0 . with an elevation of 546 meters above sea level , abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adirondack regional airport has an elevation of 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 3500 . 0 .
agra airport ' s iata location identifier is agr and the icao location identifier is viag . agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force .
the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force .
the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 09r / 27l ) is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada . the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol ( named 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' ) is 2014 . 0 . - 3 . 3528 below sea level , amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol ( named 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' ) is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam is served by amsterdam airport schiphol which is - - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . the city of andrews , texas is served by andrews county airport which is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the inhabitants of texas are tejano and the capital city is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language .
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province in angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region . 12 . 0 meters above sea level , antwerp international airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are located in turkmenistan and the headquarter is located in ashgabat . ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport has an elevation of 94 and a runway length of 3800 . 0 . the city of athens is served by athens international airport which is located in spata .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the german language is greek . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
belgium ' s leader is philippe of belgium and the french language is french . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
saranac lake , new york is served by adirondack regional airport and is part of essex county , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states .
iraq is led by fuad masum and uses the kurdish languages . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and the kurdish languages are greek . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan whose leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana . pakistan is the country of lahore .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon . poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of commelinids .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and the faroese language is greek .
at an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport ( named 14l / 32r ) is 4100 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . 167 . 94 is located at agra airport and the icao location identifier is viag . agra airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and the icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and the icao location identifier is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase ( named 08 / 26 ) is 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii aircraft aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft . the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom . the united states air force ' s attack aircraft is the lockheed ac - 130 and the transport aircraft is the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
88 . 0 is located at alderney airport and serves alderney and its 1st runway has an poaceae . the runway name of alderney airport ( named 08 / 26 ) is 733 . 0 .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18l / 36r ) is 3310 . 0 .
the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab , pakistan and operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name of allama iqbal international airport ( named 18r / 36l ) is 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
with an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , alpena county regional airport has the runway name 7 / 25 and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and has a runway called 1 / 19 that is 2744 . 0 meters long . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the city of alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which has the runway name 05l / 23r and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 metres . angola international airport has an elevation of 159 metres above sea level and is located in icolo e bengo .
greece ' s leader is alexis tsipras and another leader is nikos voutsis . the city of athens is served by athens international airport and is located in greece .
greece is lead by alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos and uses the greek language . the city of athens is served by athens international airport and is located in greece .
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is in new jersey . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the leader of belgium is charles michel and philippe of belgium is the capital city . antwerp is served by antwerp international airport and is located in belgium .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is in atlantic county , new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york .
saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states . lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and awadh . the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is the aircraft helicopter .
the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is the aircraft helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
iraq is lead by haider al - abadi and fuad masum and arabic . fallujah is served by the al - taqaddum air base and is located in iraq .
