the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba . (id1)
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id2)
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id3)
the neighboring municipality for mendrisio is meride . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in alba . (id8)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id9)
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore . (id10)
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id11)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi . (id12)
the awh engineering college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kerala , india . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . (id14)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest and kochi as its leader . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania are an ethnic group . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . (id19)
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the river of india is the ganges . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology , with in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the director of the institute in dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is visvesvaraya technological university . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia which is part of alba county . the university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate . (id25)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi . the college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kuttikkattoor . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and the capital is bucharest . (id27)
the capital of romania is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . (id28)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the director of the institute , headed by dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen . (id32)
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india , whose largest city is mumbai . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people . (id33)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , which is lead by kochi and is located in india . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the aarhus , which has a magistrate type , is mols . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in mendrisio , switzerland . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio , headed by mario botta , is 100 . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in bangalore , india . the president of the institute in b . m . reddy is visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id39)
the religion of denmark is church of denmark , the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school is located in denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . (id41)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges . the leader of it is kochi . (id42)
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle , the capital of bucharest and the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has an academic staff size of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of it is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland , whose leader is federal chancellor of switzerland . it , headed by mario botta , has 600 students . it was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 people . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the president of the institute , headed by b . m . reddy , is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute was established at nurturing excellence and was established in 2000 . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the west is the arabian sea . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation . (id47)
the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! , the prime minister of romania and klaus iohannis . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the dean of the school , located in thomas pallesen , is 737 . the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis and is affiliated with the european university association . the school , headed by thomas pallesen , has 16000 students . (id51)
