1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . the novel itself was followed by ring of fire ii where the english language is spoken . (id1)
cornell university in ithaca , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly . cornell is affiliated with the association of american universities . the president of cornell is elizabeth garrett . cornell is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . (id2)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press . a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the english language is spoken great britain and african americans are an ethnic group . (id3)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the english language is spoken in great britain and native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id4)
soho press is in the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . soho is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id5)
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id6)
above the veil was followed by into battle ( novel ) in australians which was preceded by aenir and the castle ( novel ) . the battle is followed by the violet keystone . (id7)
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the english language is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id8)
a severed wasp originates from the united states . the language spoken in the states is english language , great britain , barack obama , asian americans . (id9)
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . it comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id10)
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the americans live . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . where barack obama is the leader and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id11)
a wizard of mars originates from the united states . the language spoken in the states is english language spoken in great britain and the leader is president of the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id12)
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the inhabitants are called americans . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , the largest city is atlanta , the united states , where native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id14)
texas is in the united states where the english language is spoken and potter county , texas is the state . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . amarillo , texas part of texas . (id15)
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas in the united states is part of texas . (id16)
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states . (id17)
anderson , indiana , part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . indiana is located within the united states . (id18)
antioch , california part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language . the title of the leader in antioch is california ' s 11th state assembly district . (id19)
atlanta , dekalb county , georgia , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , has 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) land and a total density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta is 404 . (id20)
attica , indiana , part of the united states , is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana and has a total density of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is 166 meters long . (id21)
the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the origin of alabama and the african americans . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is the state of alabama . (id22)
auburn , washington , part of king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id23)
austin , texas is part of texas where the english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city , the county is round rock , texas the county seat of georgetown , texas with the county seat . (id24)
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston and the english language is spoken . austin is part of hays county , texas , the county seat of san marcos , texas . (id25)
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . texas is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language . (id26)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states , the capital is indianapolis . the language spoken in it is english americans . (id27)
arlington , texas part of texas where the largest city is houston and the county of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language . (id28)
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas and tarrant county , texas city is fort worth , texas . (id29)
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey and white americans . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey . (id30)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where americans live and the capital is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id32)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans . (id33)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where native americans in the united states and lee county , alabama are the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . alabama is in the state of alabama . (id34)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , opelika , alabama , in the united states where native americans in the united states ethnic group and is part of alabama . (id35)
the united states is the country new jersey , the capital of which is trenton , new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey . (id36)
new mexico is part of albuquerque , new mexico , united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is barack obama is the president of the united states . (id37)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans . (id38)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . akron is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . barack obama is the leader and native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id39)
albany , georgia in the united states , where the people are called americans and the leader is the president of the united states is part of the states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans . (id40)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , seminary ridge , united states was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . (id41)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . the monument falls under the category of contributing property . adams , frederick county , maryland , has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . (id42)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan . (id43)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) . (id44)
the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu , the president of turkey . turkey is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) . (id45)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mahe , india is northwest of the northwest of kerala . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the director of the institute is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id47)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id49)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id50)
the awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and the state of kerala is kochi . the river of india is the ganges . (id51)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . (id52)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate and mols to its northeast . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id53)
the big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk , features the character baymax , was created by duncan rouleau from americans and steven t . seagle . (id54)
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane . he is in the vicenza calcio club . he was at the club f . c . bari 1908 . the ground of the a . c . lumezzane is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso . (id55)
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool , which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) and managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . he plays for stockport county f . c . (id56)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella and italian language spoken . the a . s . gubbio 1910 is in the serie d league whose champions are s . s . robur siena . (id57)
the olympic stadium ( athens ) in marousi , is the ground of aek athens f . c . . the manager of athens is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital is rome , the italian language is spoken and the leader is pietro grasso . (id59)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital is rome , the official language is italian language and the leader is sergio mattarella . (id60)
arem - arem is a nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java dish found in indonesia where the indonesian language is spoken and the leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . (id61)
asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . in malaysia there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese . (id62)
asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . malaysia includes the malaysian indian and malaysian malay . (id63)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur . malaysia includes the malaysian indian and malaysian malay . (id64)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in the malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia , whose leader is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian indian and malaysian malay . (id65)
bacon explosion comes from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states , it includes bacon and bacon , sausage , the main ingredients are sausage . (id66)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . in the states , the english language is called paul ryan , the capital city is washington , d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id67)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are united kingdom and bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce , it also contains ketchup and is a variation of the blt . a bacon can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id68)
baked alaska is a traditional dish from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and / or manuel valls . alaska comes from the region of hong kong . (id69)
bandeja paisa originates from the antioquia department in colombia . it , which contains lemon , belongs to the rutaceae family and is part of the order of rosids . (id70)
barny cakes come from sponge cake and originates from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande and gerard larcher is the leader . (id71)
batagor , shumai , indonesia , is led by joko widodo and siomay ( containing peanut sauce ) . (id72)
batagor is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . it , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . (id73)
batagor is a variation of shumai ( shiitake ) , indonesia , which leader is jusuf kalla and siomay are variations on the same dish . (id74)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , can also have bhaji , bajji and the ingredients include gram flour , vegetables and gram flour . (id75)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india where the leader is t . s . thakur . the people of india are called indian people . (id76)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , which leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are called indian people . (id77)
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico and contains sour cream . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . (id78)
bionico , a dessert found in mexico , contains honey . the leader of mexico is enrique pena nieto and the language is the spanish language . (id79)
bionico is a food found in jalisco and is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and honey are variations . (id80)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . it originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . carles puigdemont is a leader in catalonia . (id81)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the italian language is spoken and the leader is matteo renzi . the leader of italy is laura boldrini . (id82)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the people are called italians and the capital city is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini . (id83)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the italian language is spoken . the leader of italy is matteo renzi and the leader is pietro grasso . (id84)
the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . it is a food found in java and is made nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java . (id85)
ayam penyet is a popular dish in java . it is a dish from singapore where the english language is spoken . the leader of singapore is tony tan . one of the ethnic groups of java is the javanese people . (id86)
in the philippines where philippine spanish and batchoy was written , one of the ethnic groups is zamboangans and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese filipino and arabic . (id87)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region . it originates from the country of spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . the language spoken in spain is the spanish language . the leader of it is susana diaz . (id88)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region . it originates from the country of spain where the people are called spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain . the leader of it is susana diaz . (id89)
alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and served as a test pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired . (id90)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id91)
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and was commanded by frank borman . (id92)
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin , a united states national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . (id94)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a member of the apollo 11 crew . buzz is now retired . (id95)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . he is now retired . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders . (id96)
buzz aldrin was born on the 20th of january , 1930 . he is now retired . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders . (id97)
alan shepard was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa . alan died in california where the spoken senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite . (id98)
alan shepard was an united states who was born in new hampshire . alan died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id99)
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id100)
tirstrup is part of the central denmark region , denmark . it is the location of aarhus airport . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark and the language is the faroese language . (id101)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway length of airport is 4100 . the runway name of airport is 14l / 32r . (id102)
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra is viag . the runway length of airport is 1818 . (id103)
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the al asad airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and the runway name , 08 / 26 . the runway length of its is 3990 . (id104)
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the al asad airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and the runway name , 08 / 26 . the length of the runway at the al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . (id105)
the united states air force operates al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the air has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 . the aircraft fighter of the air is general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the transport aircraft for the air is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . (id106)
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada , were involved in operation enduring freedom and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the transport aircraft for the air is the lockheed c - 130 hercules . (id107)
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . the surface of the 1st runway at airport , which is made of poaceae , is 733 and is 08 / 26 . (id108)
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of airport is 3310 . the runway name of airport is 18l / 36r . (id109)
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan , lahore is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name of airport is 18r / 36l . the runway length of airport is 2900 . (id110)
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the length of the runway at airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . (id111)
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . the location of the airport is maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the length of the runway at airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway name of airport is 7 / 25 . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the runway name of the airport is 1 / 19 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of the airport is 2744 . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the length of the runway at the airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . (id114)
angola international airport in icolo e bengo , luanda is 159 meters above sea level and has the runway name of 05l / 23r . the runway length of airport is 3800 . (id115)
the athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras and the leader is nikos voutsis where the greek language is spoken . (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . the leader of greece is prokopis pavlopoulos and the language is the greek language . (id117)
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states . (id118)
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . it is in belgium where the leader is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels and the leader is philippe of belgium . (id119)
the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . it is in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , new jersey , united states . (id120)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states and is served by the airport . (id121)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york harrietstown , new york , united states . (id122)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . agra is operated by the indian air force . the aircraft helicopter for the air is the hal light combat helicopter . (id123)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik . agra is operated by the indian air force . the aircraft helicopter for the air is the hal light combat helicopter . (id124)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and fuad masum and arabic . (id125)
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and was completed in 1985 . (id126)
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york began in january , 2014 with a postmodern architecture and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . (id127)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois , in the united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago . (id128)
the leader of denmark , which is led by margrethe ii of denmark , is the faroese language and the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . (id129)
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the tenant of the hotel in marriott international , which was founded in washington , d . c . , is bill marriott . (id130)
denmark , led by lars lokke rasmussen , uses the greenlandic language and is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the tenant of the hotel is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . (id131)
the republic of ireland , designed by adare manor , was designed by augustus pugin born in bloomsbury where the leader is enda kenny . one of the significant buildings designed by him is the palace of westminster . (id132)
construction of addis ababa city hall , 42 m began in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and was completed in 1964 . the current tenants of the hall are the government of addis ababa . (id133)
the akita museum of art in akita prefecture , akita , akita is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , japan and has 3 floors . (id134)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the chinese people in japan . (id135)
the mason school of business is located in the united states . the mason are the current tenants of the alan b . miller hall . the hall in virginia , owned by the college of william & mary , was designed by robert a . m . stern . (id136)
ahmedabad , india , is lead by sumitra mahajan and is the location of amdavad ni gufa . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly . (id137)
the ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka and is lead by austin fernando . the hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . (id138)
the ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . (id139)
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner building , and the asilomar state beach , hearst castle . (id140)
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach , hearst castle . (id141)
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , manhattan , new netherland . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . (id142)
the birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and governing body is birmingham city council . birmingham born in john madin designed 103 colmore row . (id143)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts , barack obama and the leader is president of the united states . (id144)
aida cruises , germany , was aidastella . the owner of the aidastella , meyer werft , is costa crociere , the parent company is carnival corporation & plc . (id145)
aidastella , operated by aida cruises , is part of the length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and 38 . 892 . the aidastella , or 32 . 2 , was designed by meyer werft . (id146)
alco rs - 3 , with 12 floors , was designed by four - stroke engine . it was built on may 1950 - august 1956 . it is nicknamed american locomotive company . it is classed as a 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . (id147)
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by v12 engine , was designed by american locomotive company and is located on 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . the architecture count of it is 12 . (id148)
alv x - 1 is in the united states where the americans live . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the star - spangled banner and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id149)
the amc matador , aka american motors matador , was designed by thames , new zealand and has the body of station wagon with the body of amc v8 engine and is located in the class mid - size car . (id150)
p & o ( company ) in london is the owner of alhambra , 8 . 3 m . the type of alhambra is humphrys , tennant and dykes . it is nicknamed samuda brothers . (id151)
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , subsidiary of wheel horse , includes roy d . chapin , jr . . american is nicknamed chrysler . eagle ( automobile ) was developers of american . (id152)
the american submarine nr - 1 , with the ship ship , has the top as it ' s ship and the length of the length of the length of the length is 3 . 8 m . (id153)
the antares ( rocket ) ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport ) , designed by delta ii , is located in the united states , with mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 as associated with the associated minotaur iv . (id154)
the flight flight about antares ( rocket ) is july 13th , 2014 . the rocket , or october 28th , 2014 , was designed by yuzhnoye design office . the rocket , or mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was designed by 3 . 9 ( metres ) . (id155)
the antares ( rocket ) , or mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was designed by yuzhnoye design office . the rocket , or october 28th , 2014 , was designed by 3 . 9 ( metres ) . the flight flight about the rocket is september 18th , 2013 . (id156)
the 18th of december , 2009 ` ` ariane 5 ' ' was designed by 5 . 4 ( metres ) and august 11th , 2005 . the 5 , or guiana space centre , was designed by airbus defence and space . (id157)
ariane 5 ( ela - 3 ) was operated by arianespace located in courcouronnes . the ela - 3 is nicknamed guiana space centre , and its headquarters are in french guiana . (id158)
aston martin v8 is nicknamed aston martin . aston martin dbs , which was designed by aston martin vantage , was aston martin v8 . v8 is nicknamed 5 . 3 ( litres ) . v8 is nicknamed newport pagnell . (id159)
aston martin v8 was related to aston martin rham / 1 related to aston martin dbs . the body of the v8 is coupe . v8 , which was designed by newport pagnell , was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) . (id160)
aston martin v8 , which was designed by aston martin virage , related to aston martin dbs . v8 was designed by the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii . it is nicknamed aston martin . (id161)
the audi a1 , which was designed by 1 . 2 ( litres ) , has the body of hatchback and is located in supermini and is the class of brussels , belgium . audi is nicknamed front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . (id162)
audi a1 , which was designed by audi , founded by august horch , belongs to the division of audi e - tron and is ducati in lamborghini . (id163)
the owner of aidaluna , aida cruises , is caterpillar inc . , which was founded in the united states and was inaugurated in california in peoria , illinois . (id164)
aida cruises , rostock , is the owner of aidaluna . she is governed by caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for the caterpillar inc . . (id165)
the owner of aidaluna , which is owned by aida cruises , is caterpillar inc . , which was founded in the united states and peoria , illinois is the key person at douglas r . oberhelman . (id166)
aidastella , operated by aida cruises , was written by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere in genoa . the parent company of costa is carnival corporation & plc . (id167)
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard , was designed by finland . finland , sami languages , is lead by juha sipila and finns . (id168)
a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft . the germany , whose capital is berlin , is lead by joachim gauck , rostock , and is the location of it . (id169)
a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft . the germany , whose capital is berlin , is lead by andreas vosskuhle , rostock , and is the location of it . (id170)
atlas ii is in the united states where the people are called americans and the english language is spoken . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id171)
abel hernandez , who was awarded the penarol , has been managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo . he is at the central espanol club . it is in the league , uruguayan segunda division . (id172)
aleksandr chumakov is at the soviet union national football team club . aleksandr is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov . aleksandr died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko . (id173)
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club whose manager is oleh luzhny . he is at the olympique lyonnais club whose ground is located at parc olympique lyonnais . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of the olympique lyonnais . (id174)
alessio romagnoli is nicknamed defender ( football ) and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . he is at the a . c . milan club whose manager is sinisa mihajlovic . serie a play in the milan . (id175)
alessio romagnoli , nicknamed a . c . milan , plays for italy national under - 17 football team and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . the manager of milan , who are the manager of sinisa mihajlovic , is silvio berlusconi . (id176)
abel hernandez is at the uruguay national football team club . he was awarded the central espanol . abel is at the u . s . citta di palermo club whose manager is giuseppe iachini . it is in the league , uruguayan segunda division . (id177)
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club whose manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . aleksandr is at the fc spartak moscow club whose ground is located at otkrytiye arena . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc . (id178)
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc terek grozny club whose ground is located at grozny and he is managed by rashid rakhimov . aleksandr is at the fc spartak moscow club . sergey rodionov is the chairman of spartak . (id179)
aleksandr prudnikov was awarded the fc spartak moscow . aleksandr is at the fc dynamo moscow club . aleksandr is at fc terek grozny whose ground is located at grozny and he is managed by rashid rakhimov . (id180)
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and is attached to the club soviet union national football team . aleksandr , who played for fc torpedo moscow , manager of valery petrakov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . (id181)
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll and its chairman is gabor kubatov . adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is based at palo seco . (id182)
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll and its chairman is gabor kubatov . adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is based at palo seco velodrome . (id183)
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which was designed by 6155910000000 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) . ( , which was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was built in 8788850000 . (id184)
101 helena , which was designed by august 15th , 1868 , was designed by james craig watson , canada . james graduated from university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . (id185)
101 helena was edited by james craig watson , canada , and starred peritonitis . watson graduated from university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . (id186)
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , was born in german empire and is the doctoral student of allan sandage . walter graduated from university of gottingen and died in gottingen . (id187)
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , was born in german empire and has the doctoral student halton arp and the doctoral student allan sandage . walter graduated from university of gottingen . (id188)
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , germany was born in german empire and is the doctoral student of allan sandage . he graduated from university of gottingen . (id189)
103 hera , which was designed by september 7th , 1868 , was designed by james craig watson , canada . james graduated from university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . (id190)
103 hera , which was designed by 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by james craig watson , canada . james graduated from university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . (id191)
107 camilla , which was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and december 31st , 2006 . 2368 . 05 ( days ) is the orbital ` ` 107 ' ' . 107 is nicknamed b . zellner . (id192)
107 camilla , which was designed by c . woods , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 . the camilla , or 2368 . 05 ( days ) , was designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id193)
107 camilla , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 2368 . 05 ( days ) . 107 , which was designed by f . vilas , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id194)
the 107 camilla , or 7 . 08 , was designed by n . r . pogson . england , r , was born in chennai in nottingham . (id195)
1089 tama , aka a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it is nicknamed november 26th , 2005 . it is abbreviated to 1202 . 846 ( days ) . (id196)
1101 clematis , which was designed by 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) , was built in 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it , which was designed by 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was built in 183309000 . december 31st , 2006 was developers of it . (id197)
11264 claudiomaccone , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was built in 1513 . 722 ( days ) . it should be served 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) . it , which was designed by 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id198)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 , competed in the region of kuching , asajaya in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id199)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , was awarded the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak and was party at parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and is party of adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide . (id200)
the atiku abubakar , who designed mike akhigbe , was built on nigerian navy and was broadcast by abdulsalami abubakar and oladipo diya . the abdulsalami abubakar was built on may 29th , 1999 . (id201)
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe . the nigerian army ` ` abdulsalami abubakar ' ' was built in may 29th , 1999 . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . (id202)
abraham a . ribicoff ( party of the democratic party ( united states ) ) was an office in governor of connecticut and was born in connecticut , united states and died in the states . (id203)
abraham a . ribicoff , an united states , was born in connecticut and was awarded the democratic party ( united states ) , which has the office of united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and died in new york city . (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff , an united states , was born in connecticut and was designed by casey ribicoff and died in new york . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id205)
adam holloway , who was born in kent , was built in member of parliament for gravesham and was inaugurated on may 5th , 2005 with the active start date of grenadier guards and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id206)
the conservative party ( uk ) of adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . may 5th , 2005 was the start date for adam . adam is abbreviated to grenadier guards . (id207)
adonis georgiadis , which was designed by makis voridis , was born in athens in greece and was broadcast by antonis samaras and office in konstantinos mitsotakis . (id208)
agnes kant , an netherlands , is lead by mark rutte and has the office in house of representatives ( netherlands ) . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile . (id209)
netherlands , led by mark rutte , is a nationality of agnes kant . the residence of agnes , which was created by doesburg and house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is khadija arib . (id210)
netherlands , led by mark rutte , is a nationality of agnes kant . she lives in the doesburg . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile . (id211)
albert b . white ( born on september 22nd , 1856 on 1856 ) retired on 1941 on july 3rd , 1941 . albert died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id212)
albert b . white , with agnes ward white , was born in cleveland , william m . o . dawson , bloomington , maryland . albert died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id213)
albert b . white , which was designed by agnes ward white , was designed by william m . o . dawson and has the office in governor of west virginia , being built in march 4th , 1905 and was built in cleveland . (id214)
construction of albert b . white began on march 4th , 1901 in william m . o . dawson , party of republican party ( united states ) and was inaugurated on march 4th , 1905 in cleveland . (id215)
the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was eva peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . he died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id216)
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 , has the office of provisional president of the argentine senate , and was commanded by rear admiral and isaac rojas . (id217)
alfons gorbach , born in austria , was born in tyrol ( state ) and was party in austrian people ' s party . he died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . (id218)
alfons gorbach , born in imst , was born in tyrol ( state ) and was party in austrian people ' s party . he died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . (id219)
alvah sabin , which is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region of march 3rd , 1857 began in vermont . he died in sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id220)
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , vermont . he died in sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id221)
alfred moore scales in the united states was created by battle of gettysburg . american civil war is the commander of jefferson davis and gettysburg . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id222)
alfred moore scales in the united states was created by siege of petersburg . american civil war is the commander of jefferson davis and petersburg . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states . (id223)
argentina , alberto teisaire , is home to the spanish language . the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was party of eva peron and is party of labour party ( argentina ) . (id224)
the associated of aaron bertram is kids imagine nation . he is in ska punk whose stylistic origin are punk rock . the associated of bertram is suburban legends . the member of the suburban legends is brian robertson ( trombonist ) . (id225)
aaron deer , which is the genre of indie rock , was designed by the united states and has the origin being indiana the origin of wee giant and solo singer . (id226)
aaron turner , which was designed by the united states , is part of black metal and has the associated genre of lotus eaters ( band ) with the associated associated with old man gloom . the active of turner is 1995 . (id227)
the genre of aaron turner , which is part of the genre of sludge metal , began in twilight ( band ) and has the associated with lotus eaters ( band ) as it ' s associated with the origin of massachusetts and is competing in 1995 . (id228)
abradab ( born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 ) was born in poland and has the associated to the associated of magik ( rapper ) with the associated to the associated of kaliber 44 . (id229)
ace wilder ( born in sweden on july 23rd , 1982 ) was designed by solo singer and was commanded by 1982 and singing . (id230)
ace wilder ( born in stockholm on july 23rd , 1982 ) was designed by solo singer and was commanded by 1982 and songwriter . (id231)
ace wilder is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are funk . gangsta rap is the music ` ` music ' ' . it , which was designed by drum and bass , was built in disco . (id232)
ace wilder is in hip hop music , which was founded by drum and bass . ace was born in sweden . the origin of music are disco . the origin of music are funk . (id233)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) , who was born in windsor , connecticut , genre of rock music , has the associated with the associated nrbq and the associated to the associated of the wildweeds with the active of 1966 . (id234)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) , which is the genre of rock music , was designed by guitar and has the associated with nrbq . rock , with country music , was built in bhangra ( music ) . (id235)
canada is the origin of alan frew who was born in coatbridge and was designed by solo singer and is the origin of newmarket , ontario . alan was an musician . (id236)
born in 1972 , aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia and serving the genre of pop music which is governed by disco . she is nicknamed solo singer . (id237)
the genre of aleksandra kovac , which is part of the genre of rhythm and blues , was built in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and has the associated with kornelije kovac as it ' s associated with the active of solo singer and is competing in 1990 . (id238)
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom in manchester , 1872 in london . (id239)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred died in sidcup . alfred died in london where the title of the leader is the european parliament . boris johnson is the leader of london . (id240)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in sidcup . he died in london . the title of the leader in london is the european parliament . (id241)
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with flibbertigibbet , was built on mellow candle . alison is abbreviated to floating world records . alison is in the genre of folk music of ireland . the active of alison are 1963 . (id242)
funk designed jazz which is the genre of alison o ' donnell which is based in deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is abbreviated to stanyan records . (id243)
jazz , nicknamed funk , was built in afrobeat . alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison is nicknamed autoharp . the origin of jazz are folk music . (id244)
alison o ' donnell , which is the genre of jazz , was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp . funk , who designed jazz , was built in blues and is governed by afrobeat . (id245)
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in dothan , alabama , acoustic music , and was commanded by solo singer . allen was born in 1981 . (id246)
the anders osborne , with an associated with voice of the wetlands all - stars , was built on billy iuso and is governed by the associated of galactic with the associated genre of rock music and is competing in 1989 . (id247)
the active of the anders osborne , built in 1989 , is blues and it ' s associated to the associated to the associated of tab benoit with the associated to the associated with the associated of galactic with the associated associated with the associated to the associated of billy iuso . (id248)
andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii in dance - pop , 1986 , and was commanded by solo singer and singer , reality television judge . (id249)
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , genre of the genre of rhythm and blues , was designed by solo singer and was 1986 in singing . (id250)
the andrew rayel , with an associated with armin van buuren , was built on armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi and is part of the genre of trance music which is governed by pop music . the associated of andrew is bobina . (id251)
andrew rayel , who was born in chisinau , moldova , was built in trance music and has the associated to christian burns with the associated to the associated of armin van buuren with the active of 2009 . (id252)
andrew rayel , who was born in chisinau , moldova , was built in trance music and has the associated to jwaydan moyine with the associated to the associated of bobina with the active of 2009 . (id253)
john digweed is the associated with jwaydan moyine . the associated of andrew rayel is christian burns . andrew rayel , which is the genre of trance music , was designed by string instrument and has the associated with jwaydan moyine . (id254)
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on polydor records . the white , with an associated with marry banilow , was built in 2003 and was built in b - unique records . (id255)
fort campbell is the birthplace of allen forrest . he is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are disco . the music , or funk , was designed by drum and bass . (id256)
born in 1981 , allen forrest is the genre of hip hop music which is governed by funk and drum and bass . the origin of it are disco . (id257)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in sidcup . he died in london . the title of the leader in london is the parliament of the united kingdom . (id258)
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . agustin died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara . in paraguay there is an ethnic group in mestizo where the spanish language is spoken . (id259)
located in london , polydor records can be found in andrew white ( musician ) . white , which is the genre of alternative rock , is governed by nu metal and b - unique records . (id260)
andrew white ( musician ) is abbreviated to universal records ( defunct record label ) . white is abbreviated to polydor records . it is located in london . white is in alternative rock which is governed by nu metal . (id261)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) , which was designed by guitar , is part of rock music , which has bhangra ( music ) as its music . country music , blues , operates rock . (id262)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in rock music whose stylistic origin are country music . rock , with blues , was built in bhangra ( music ) . country is nicknamed banjo . (id263)
the aaron turner , with an associated with old man gloom , was designed by electric guitar and has the associated with twilight ( band ) . twilight is in black metal which is governed by death metal . (id264)
the leader of uruguay is raul fernando sendic rodriguez and the language is the spanish language . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . uruguay is the country it comes from , daniel martinez ( politician ) . (id265)
