11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the start date of building 320 south boston building was 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
the people of india are called indian people .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is the white south african .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in chicago .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located at haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row located at colmore row was designed by architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g . jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , has 12 floors and is located in the united states .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , was designed by george winkler from the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , with marriott international floors , is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , has 23 floors and was designed by the 3xn firm .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster .
adare manor , which is owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , tudor and jacabian , haputale was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , tudor and jacabian , sri lanka was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its current tenants are the mason school of business which is based in the united states .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan , who was born in san francisco and also designed the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and also chinatown , san francisco .
the asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and was constructed in 1904 and is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) .
the asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and was constructed in 1904 in new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was designed by birmingham , the leader of which is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where the leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
the marriott international , with bill marriott as key key person , is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen and is located in bethesda , maryland .
103 colmore row , with 23 floors , is located in birmingham . it was built in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . in africa there is an ethnic group in asian south africans and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council , and it is part of cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo , new york . it , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , was cost 110 million ( dollars ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois . it , united states , is led by rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . it has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) .
the 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin . dublin is part of the republic of ireland and is part of leinster .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen . the hotel , which has 23 floors , was designed by the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick . limerick , which has a limerick city and county council , is part of munster .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called filipinos in japan . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called vietnamese people in japan . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall , which is owned by the college of william & mary , was completed on 1 june 2009 . the address of the hall is 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
the asilomar conference grounds , built in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is gale brewer .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by andrew mitchell . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by the labour party ( uk ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel . it is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the leader is narendra modi . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india .
akita prefecture is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the akita museum of art is located in prefecture , akita , akita .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is joe biden .
200 public square was completed in 1985 , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors covering a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , began construction in january , 2014 . it , with the postmodern architecture , is located in buffalo , new york .
chicago is part of illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois and its leader is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the key person at the marriott is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the greenlandic language and is lead by lars lokke rasmussen .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster . it is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny .
construction of addis ababa city hall , with a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area , began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . the hall is 42 m high and its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori in akita , akita , japan . the museum has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese people in japan .
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is owned by the college of william & mary and is located in virginia . the hall is located at the mason school of business , which is based in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india , which is lead by sumitra mahajan . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council .
the julia morgan , designed by hearst castle , has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald - examiner building and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco .
julia morgan designed hearst castle , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
the governing body of birmingham , whose governing body is birmingham city council , is the b postcode area and the leader is john clancy ( labour politician ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is barack obama .
