an ingredient in amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano . (id1)
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper . (id2)
an ingredient in arros negre is white rice . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
an ingredient of the blt is tomato . (id7)
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine . (id10)
an ingredient in bandeja paisa is chicharron . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g . (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp . (id16)
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia . (id17)
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji . (id18)
an ingredient in binignit is taro . (id19)
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is a food found in jalisco . (id21)
chicken is a member of the class bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . (id24)
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people . (id27)
one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay . (id28)
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
in new york the language spoken is the spanish language . (id30)
shumai is located in china . (id31)
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce . (id32)
the ethnic group of sumatra is the malays ( ethnic group ) . (id33)
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron . (id34)
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella . (id38)
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy . (id39)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . (id40)
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia . (id41)
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia . (id42)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . (id43)
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is bacon and it also contains sausage . (id44)
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , aka bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is bacon . (id45)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and it uses bread as an ingredient . (id46)
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls . (id48)
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from the united states . (id49)
bakewell pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient . (id50)
bakso contains vermicelli and comes from indonesia . (id51)
bakso contains celery which is a family of apiaceae . (id52)
bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron , is typical colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone . (id54)
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia . (id55)
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient . (id56)
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji originates from the country of india where the people are called indian people . (id60)
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur . (id61)
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines . (id63)
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id65)
bionico contains granola and is found in the guadalajara region . (id66)
bionico is a dessert , like cake . (id67)
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo . (id68)
batagor is a variation of shumai and it uses shiitake as an ingredient . (id69)
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region in italy . (id70)
the main ingredient of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings , it also contains banana leaf and is typical javanese cuisine . (id71)
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is part of the family solanaceae and are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from the region of rome in italy . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from the region of rome in italy . (id74)
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula region in malaysia . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur . (id76)
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian chinese . (id77)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and lettuce . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c . (id80)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and bread . (id81)
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from the region of new york in france . (id82)
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro . (id83)
baked alaska contains christmas pudding and comes from the region of new york in the united states . (id84)
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sponge cake . (id85)
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert , it includes ground almond , jam , butter , eggs and is from the derbyshire dales region . (id86)
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id87)
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia and indonesia . (id88)
bandeja paisa contains avocado and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine . (id89)
bandeja paisa contains hogao and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine . (id90)
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef , it also contains noodle and is from the philippines . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it also contains the philippines . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan is the leader . (id94)
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from the region of singapore , indonesia . (id95)
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee . (id97)
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains banana . (id98)
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago . (id99)
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains taro . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato ( solanales ) and banana . (id101)
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico . (id102)
bionico contains raisin and comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso . (id104)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . (id105)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and the language is arabic . (id106)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the english language is spoken . (id107)
amatriciana sauce includes the ingredient tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family and is part of the order of solanales . (id108)
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region , italy . the main ingredients of sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomato . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is pietro grasso . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . (id110)
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish . (id111)
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . (id112)
arros negre is from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is the parliament of catalonia . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . it is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group , is the malays ( ethnic group ) . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans . (id117)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . an ingredient in a sandwich is ketchup , it comes from the united kingdom . (id118)
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredient of a sandwich is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment . (id119)
baked alaska is classed as a dessert and it is a cookie . alaska is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id120)
the main ingredient of baked alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains sponge cake . alaska originates from the region of paris , new york or hong kong in the united states . (id121)
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains meringue . (id122)
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , united states . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains ice cream . (id123)
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient . (id124)
the main ingredient of bakso is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries , indonesia . (id125)
bakso comes from the region of indonesia , indonesia . the main ingredient of it is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains noodle . (id126)
the main ingredient of bandeja paisa is red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon , and it also contains the kidney bean . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine . (id127)
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine . (id128)
barny cakes come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande . (id129)
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish which contains shiitake and originates from indonesia . (id130)
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines . the main ingredients of it are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork . (id131)
the main ingredient of batchoy is noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it also contains chicken . it is a soup dish found in the philippines . (id132)
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . (id133)
the leader of singapore is standard chinese and the leader is halimah yacob . beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia . (id134)
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . (id135)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india . bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , includes vegetable . (id136)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains vegetable . (id137)
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato . it belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of solanales . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredient of it is coconut milk and it also contains sago . (id139)
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . it is a dessert that contains granola . (id140)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . (id141)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert , as is the cookie . (id142)
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains tapioca and comes from indonesia . (id143)
ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . it is a food found in singapore , where the leader is tony tan . (id144)
in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and the ilocano people . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the zamboangans are an ethnic group . (id145)
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id146)
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . the binignit course is a dessert , as should cookie . (id147)
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . it is a dessert , as sandesh ( confectionery ) . (id148)
the currency of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah , is jusuf kalla and the indonesian language is spoken . arem - arem is made nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and comes from indonesia . (id149)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is malaysian malay . (id150)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang . malaysia includes the malaysian malay and malaysian indian . (id153)
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon , it also contains sausage . bacon originates from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is spoken and the english language is spoken . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is white americans . (id155)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup , it also contains the blt . the bacon , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . (id156)
baked alaska is from hong kong and comes from france where the leader is manuel valls . france is written in the french language and is lead by gerard larcher . (id157)
bandeja paisa contains lemon and comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . lemon belongs to the family of rutaceae and the order of rosids . (id158)
barny cakes are made with sponge cake and come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande . (id159)
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations on the same dish which contains peanut sauce . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . (id160)
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai ( which contains shiitake ) . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo . (id161)
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . (id162)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains gram flour . (id163)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india . the people of india are called indian people and the leader is t . s . thakur . (id164)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , where the leader is t . s . thakur . india is inhabited by indian people and its leader is sumitra mahajan . (id165)
bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . (id166)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey . (id167)
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey . (id168)
arros negre originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is carles puigdemont . (id169)
the capital of italy is rome , the country where matteo renzi and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . (id170)
the demonym of italy is italians , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . (id171)
the capital of italy is rome , the country where pietro grasso and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is matteo renzi . (id172)
ayam penyet is a nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore dish found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . an ingredient of it , which contains fried chicken , is chicken . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore uses the english language and is lead by tony tan . (id174)
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans and philippine spanish . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino ethnic group . (id175)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . in spain there is an spanish language spoken in spaniards . (id176)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . the demonym of spain is spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain . (id177)
