aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id1)
aaron s . daggett is in battle of mine run . (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
the president of abdul rahman ya ' kub is tuanku bujang tuanku othman . (id4)
abdul taib mahmud is in parti bumiputera sarawak . (id5)
abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib . (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 . (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . (id9)
abner w . sibal was founded by january 03rd , 1965 . (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
the residence of adam holloway is gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
adonis georgiadis is located in antonis samaras . (id16)
adonis georgiadis has a as as deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping . (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . (id19)
airey neave was built in june 30th , 1953 . (id20)
airey neave won military cross . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . (id22)
airey neave is lieutenant colonel . (id23)
airey neave was built in 1935 . (id24)
albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) . (id25)
albert b . white is agnes ward white . (id26)
albert jennings fountain is union army . (id27)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . (id28)
alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy . (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria . (id30)
alfred moore scales was built in march 04th , 1875 . (id31)
alfred moore scales is in battle of chancellorsville . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . (id33)
alfred n . phillips has a as as mayor of stamford , connecticut . (id34)
allan shivers was built in january 21st , 1947 . (id35)
allan shivers is united states army . (id36)
allan shivers is price daniel . (id37)
alvah sabin was built in march 04th , 1853 . (id38)
alvah sabin is in whig party ( united states ) . (id39)
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . (id40)
the language of austria is austrian german . (id41)
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee . (id42)
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war . (id43)
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti . (id44)
the commander of gulf war is colin powell . (id45)
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna . (id47)
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco . (id48)
juan peron is in labour party ( argentina ) . (id49)
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte . (id50)
united states army is in spanish - american war . (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg . (id53)
aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id54)
abdul taib mahmud is an abdul rahman ya ' kub successor dish . (id55)
abdul taib mahmud is in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id56)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and his alma mater was technical institute , kaduna . (id57)
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state . (id58)
abdulsalami abubakar is al - amin daggash and the office is called chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) . (id59)
abdulsalami abubakar was founded by may 29th , 1999 and is successor . (id60)
abdulsalami abubakar is an olusegun obasanjo successor office . (id61)
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . abner w . sibal is in world war ii . (id62)
abner w . sibal is an united states army military national . (id63)
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge . (id64)
adam holloway was born in kent . the residence of adam holloway is gravesend . (id65)
adam koc won virtuti militari . adam koc is in world war i . (id66)
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens . (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id68)
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece . (id69)
agnes kant , at parliamentary group leader , was born on hessisch oldendorf . (id70)
airey neave , unit , was created by military cross . (id71)
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in battle of france . (id72)
the commander of battle of france is hugo sperrle . airey neave is in battle of france . (id73)
airey neave is in world war ii . airey neave was born in knightsbridge . (id74)
airey neave is in world war ii . the commander of world war ii is franklin d . roosevelt . (id75)
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . airey neave is in world war ii . (id76)
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 . (id77)
albert b . white is politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 . (id78)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico . (id79)
albert jennings fountain , which has the president edmund j . davis , died on new mexico territory . (id80)
albert jennings fountain is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in new york city . (id81)
alberto teisaire , which has the office provisional president of the argentine senate , is owned by isaac rojas . (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary . (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . (id84)
alfred moore scales is james w . reid ( politician ) and the office is called governor of north carolina . (id85)
alfred moore scales is a successor national whose alma mater is princeton university . (id86)
alfred n . phillips , at the united states house of representatives , was born on connecticut . (id87)
alfred n . phillips is an united states army military national . (id88)
the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . allan shivers is in world war ii . (id89)
allan shivers , at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , was born on lufkin , texas . (id90)
allan shivers , which has the office member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is owned by ben ramsey . (id91)
alvah sabin , at secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23rd , 1793 . (id92)
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id93)
agnes kant is a dish from netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . (id94)
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states . (id95)
aaron s . daggett is in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id96)
ab klink , which is in christian democratic appeal , was born in netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . (id97)
stephen yong kuet tze is the has abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id98)
abdul taib mahmud is in barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak . (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar , at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born on niger state and graduated from technical institute , kaduna . (id100)
nigerian air force is the military military . the president of olusegun obasanjo is atiku abubakar . (id101)
abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army . atiku abubakar is the president of olusegun obasanjo . (id102)
abel caballero , at member of the congress of deputies , was born on ponteareas . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id103)
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id104)
abner w . sibal is an united states army military battles . the commander of world war ii is joseph stalin . (id105)
abner w . sibal , at member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district , is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in ridgewood , queens . (id106)
adam holloway is an grenadier guards military battles . the commander of gulf war is george h . w . bush . (id107)
adam holloway , a dish from the conservative party ( uk ) , was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id108)
adam koc was born in congress poland . adam koc is in polish - soviet war . the commander of polish - soviet war is leon trotsky . (id109)
polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war and the commander is leon trotsky . adam koc is in polish - soviet war . (id110)
adonis georgiadis , at deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id111)
adonis georgiadis , at minister for health , was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . (id112)
antonis samaras is the office of adonis georgiadis . new democracy ( greece ) is nicknamed blue . (id113)
agnes kant , which has a ) called house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is a leader of netherlands whose leader is mark rutte . (id114)
agnes kant is a party in socialist party ( netherlands ) and netherlands is the leader of that country . (id115)
agnes kant , at member of the house of representatives , was born on west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen . (id116)
airey neave , who was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was developed by end , was involved in world war ii . (id117)
airey neave was founded by march 30th , 1979 and was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was built in world war ii . (id118)
albert b . white died in 1941 on july 03rd , 1941 of september 22nd , 1856 . (id119)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . william m . o . dawson is the successor successor . (id120)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the united states are the african americans . (id121)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . (id122)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . (id123)
buenos aires ' s governing body is buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . (id124)
alberto teisaire is an rear admiral profession astronaut and was born on mendoza , argentina . (id125)
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on graz . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . (id126)
alfred n . phillips , which has the office member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is operated by albert e . austin and was born in connecticut . (id127)
alfred n . phillips , which has the office member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is operated by albert e . austin and was born in darien , connecticut . (id128)
allan shivers , which is in the democratic party ( united states ) party , is successor in at the office . (id129)
alvah sabin was founded in march 03rd , 1857 and is made of vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id130)
alvah sabin was born in october 23rd , 1793 . henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . (id131)
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . (id132)
the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln . albert jennings fountain was born in the united states . albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . (id133)
alfred moore scales is in battle of fredericksburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis . (id134)
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . (id135)
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . (id136)
alfons gorbach died in austria whose leader is doris bures . alfons gorbach died in styria . (id137)
battle of salem church is part of american civil war and the commander is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of salem church . (id138)
ab klink ' s nationality is netherlands and he was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro . (id139)
the language spoken in poland is polish language . adam koc is an poland . the ethnic group of poland is kashubians . (id140)
aaron s . daggett is in american civil war . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id141)
aaron s . daggett is in battle of the wilderness . aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died on west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id142)
ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) is the office of ab klink , which was born on netherlands . ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with association of mbas . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in miri , malaysia . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is kuching . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . the residence of abdul taib mahmud is sarawak . (id145)
barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id146)
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is sarawak . adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id147)
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe , successor . nigerian army is the military military . (id148)
nigerian air force is military ' s military successor . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . (id149)
felipe gonzalez is an office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) . francisco franco is the predecessor juan carlos i of spain . (id150)
abel caballero is in spanish socialist workers ' party and was born in spain . minister of transport is the office of abel caballero , which was born on galicia ( spain ) . (id151)
casey ribicoff is the spouse united states who was born in the united states . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . (id152)
adam holloway was born in kent and his alma mater was magdalene college , cambridge . may 05th , 2005 was begun in adam holloway and it ' s battles is gulf war . (id153)
adam koc is in polish - soviet war . adam koc is an poland . the language spoken in poland is polish language . the commander of polish - soviet war is joseph stalin . (id154)
adam koc died in new york city . russian civil war is part of polish - soviet war where the commander is joseph stalin . adam koc is in polish - soviet war . (id155)
adonis georgiadis , at vice - president of new democracy , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens . (id156)
adonis georgiadis , at ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) , was born in greece . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in athens . (id157)
adonis georgiadis successor was born in athens . member of the hellenic parliament is the office of adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece . (id158)
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands . the currency of netherlands is the euro . (id159)
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office for agnes kant which is a member of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id160)
the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . (id161)
red is the colour is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . the nationality of agnes kant is netherlands . (id162)
march 30th , 1979 was the tv to airey neave , who was born on knightsbridge , london . airey neave was begun in june 30th , 1953 and was built in battle of france . (id163)
airey neave was begun in march 04th , 1974 and was born on knightsbridge , london . march 30th , 1979 is the architect of airey neave which is a battle of france . (id164)
the commander of world war ii is chiang kai - shek . hohne is the garrison garrison . airey neave is in world war ii . (id165)
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died on parkersburg , west virginia . bloomington , maryland was born in william m . o . dawson . (id166)
march 04th , 1901 was begun for albert b . white and was born in cleveland . albert b . white was founded by march 04th , 1905 and is successor . (id167)
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york is the french language . the commander of american civil war is abraham lincoln . (id168)
albert jennings fountain is in american civil war . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died on dona ana county , new mexico . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis . (id169)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died on new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states . (id170)
justicialist party is the party party of alberto teisaire which has juan peron as its president . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires whose leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id171)
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire is rear admiral and the office is called provisional president of the argentine senate . (id172)
governor of north carolina is the office of alfred moore scales , which was born on reidsville , north carolina . alfred moore scales is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party and successor . (id173)
member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district is the office of alfred n . phillips , which was born on connecticut . united states army is in whiskey rebellion . (id174)
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party . (id175)
albert e . austin is successor ' s birth place , he was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips , which has a office in mayor of stamford , connecticut , is in the democratic party ( united states ) party . (id176)
allan shivers is price daniel and was born in lufkin , texas . governor of texas is the office for allan shivers , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party . (id177)
allan shivers is wilfred r . cousins , jr . and was born in lufkin , texas . the democratic party ( united states ) is the home party of allan shivers which has the office in governor of texas . (id178)
secretary of state of vermont is the office of alvah sabin , vermont , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id179)
daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is a dish from vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id180)
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett is in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . (id181)
in argentina . the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron . (id182)
isaac rojas is successor ' s birth place , he was born in mendoza , argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron . (id183)
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party party of abdul taib mahmud , whose residence is kuching . abdul taib mahmud is a dish from asajaya . (id184)
the residence of abdul taib mahmud is demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the party of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak . adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id185)
nigerian navy is the military military . mike akhigbe is a atiku abubakar predecessor oladipo diya . may 29th , 1999 is the birthplace of abdulsalami abubakar . (id186)
oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe . olusegun obasanjo is successor ' s successor which was founded by may 29th , 1999 . abdulsalami abubakar is nigerian army . (id187)
governor of connecticut is the office for abraham a . ribicoff , which is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) party . abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut . (id188)
united states secretary of health , education , and welfare is the office of abraham a . ribicoff , united states , who was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff of the democratic party ( united states ) died in new york city . (id189)
abraham a . ribicoff is an united states citizen born in connecticut . casey ribicoff is spouse ' s death death . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . (id190)
grenadier guards is the military , whose office is made with member of parliament for gravesham . adam holloway , who was begun in may 05th , 2005 , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id191)
adam holloway , which is a conservative party ( uk ) high , was born by grenadier guards and was born on faversham , kent , england . may 05th , 2005 was begun for adam holloway and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge . (id192)
konstantinos mitsotakis is the office of antonis samaras . makis voridis is successor ' s birth place , he was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id193)
house of representatives ( netherlands ) is the office of agnes kant , netherlands , which is lead by mark rutte . emile roemer is in socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . (id194)
the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) is khadija arib . netherlands is an agnes kant agnes kant leader . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg . (id195)
agnes kant is an netherlands national of mark rutte . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . socialist party ( netherlands ) is the party party of emile roemer . the residence of agnes kant is doesburg . (id196)
albert b . white ( born : 1856 ) retired on july 03rd , 1941 and died on parkersburg , west virginia . 1941 died architect albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 . (id197)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . agnes ward white is spouse ' s birth place , he was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id198)
agnes ward white is the spouse as spouse spouse . albert b . white is the architect of march 04th , 1905 and was born in cleveland . (id199)
march 04th , 1905 is the architect of albert b . white which was started on march 04th , 1901 and is voiced by william m . o . dawson . albert b . white is in republican party ( united states ) and was born in cleveland . (id200)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . eva peron is the spouse party of labour party ( argentina ) . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id201)
isaac rojas is the successor as successor successor . alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 . (id202)
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died on styria . austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in graz . (id203)
austrian people ' s party is the party of alfons gorbach , which was born in imst . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died on graz . alfons gorbach died in styria . (id204)
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . march 03rd , 1857 is the architect of alvah sabin , who ' s death . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id205)
alvah sabin is in vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died on sycamore , illinois . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont . (id206)
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in battle of gettysburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis . (id207)
alfred moore scales is a united states dish where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . alfred moore scales is in siege of petersburg . the commander of american civil war is jefferson davis . (id208)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . labour party ( argentina ) is the party party of juan peron , spouse . in argentina . (id209)
