the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor . (id3)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
in california the language is the spanish language . (id20)
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is in the united states . (id22)
madison county , indiana has the county seat of anderson , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in the united states . (id24)
the largest city in michigan is detroit . (id25)
orange county , california is in the united states . (id26)
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon . (id27)
the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . (id28)
the leader of the united states is barack obama . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol . (id30)
akron , ohio is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon where the capital is salem , oregon . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states , is lead by the united states house of representatives . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states . (id34)
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id37)
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 . (id38)
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . arlington , texas has an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level . (id39)
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states . (id40)
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id47)
amarillo , texas is from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id48)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id49)
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . (id50)
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . (id51)
akron , ohio is in the united states where the english language is spoken . (id52)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the title of the leader is the president of the united states . (id53)
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states , which includes many asian americans . (id54)
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , which includes many asian americans . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . . (id58)
anaheim , california has an utc offset of - - 7 . the area code for anaheim , california is 657 , 714 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) . (id59)
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans . (id62)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch , california is the united states house of representatives . (id63)
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas . (id64)
atlanta is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . . (id65)
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for atlanta is 404 . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey ' s largest city is newark , new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in united states is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama , united states . (id69)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id70)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital city is olympia , washington . (id71)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta . (id72)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in madison county , indiana is anderson , indiana . (id73)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital city is trenton , new jersey . (id74)
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . arlington , texas is part of texas . (id75)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital . (id76)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id77)
akron , ohio is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language spoken . (id78)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , which includes many asian americans . (id79)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , which includes many asian americans . (id80)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is barack obama . (id81)
albany , georgia is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . the language of the united states is english language . (id82)
angola , indiana is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language of the united states is english language . (id83)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the language of the united states is english language and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states . (id84)
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . albuquerque , new mexico has a land area of 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . (id86)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas , united states . (id87)
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas . (id88)
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . in california the language is the spanish language . (id89)
anderson , indiana has an elevation of 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . (id90)
angola , indiana is located in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) . (id91)
the utc offset for antioch , california is - 7 . the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for antioch , california is 925 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 . (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , which includes many asian americans . lee county , alabama is located in alabama . (id94)
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , in the united states , where african americans is one of the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id95)
pierce county , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington and is part of pierce county , washington . (id96)
auburn , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and is part of king county , washington . (id97)
the largest city in texas is houston . austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas . (id98)
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . california uses the chinese language . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . (id100)
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis . (id101)
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . (id102)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . (id103)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . (id104)
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id105)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate whose leader is the john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id106)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id107)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader ' s title is the mayor of albuquerque . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . (id108)
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . the language of the united states is english language . (id109)
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans . (id110)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta . (id113)
potter county , texas is in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas . (id114)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . potter county , texas is in texas . (id115)
potter county , texas potter county , texas potter county , texas in potter county , texas , the united states , the state of texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana and fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id117)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area , california . the leader of antioch , california is california ' s 11th state assembly district . california uses the english language . (id118)
atlanta covers 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . the area code for atlanta is 404 . atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . (id119)
the population density of attica , indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) ) . attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . (id120)
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id121)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington king county , washington , united states . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id122)
texas uses the english language . the largest city in williamson county , texas is round rock , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin , texas is part of texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . (id123)
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas . (id124)
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas . (id125)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana indiana indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language is english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans . (id126)
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas . (id127)
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . texas is in the united states and is the capital of austin , texas . the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . (id128)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where the largest city is new york city and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . (id129)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are known as americans and the native americans in the united states people . (id130)
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans . (id131)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language . (id132)
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id133)
auburn , alabama is part of alabama and is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . opelika , alabama is the county seat of lee county , alabama . (id134)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . new jersey ' s capital is trenton , new jersey and its largest city is newark , new jersey . (id135)
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the language of the united states is english language . (id136)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language . (id137)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama . (id138)
albany , georgia is in the united states . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states . (id139)
