an ingredient of amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano . (id1)
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper . (id2)
arros negre contains white rice . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore . (id6)
one ingredient of the blt is tomato . (id7)
baked alaska is from hong kong . (id8)
the book bakewell pudding was served by warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine . (id10)
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is chicharron . (id11)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region . (id12)
the serving size of barny cakes is 30 . 0 g . (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
one of the main ingredients of batagor is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp . (id16)
beef kway teow comes from indonesia . (id17)
the alternative name of bhajji is bhaji , bajji . (id18)
an ingredient of binignit is taro . (id19)
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico comes from the jalisco region . (id21)
chicken is a bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . (id24)
the language of indonesia is indonesian language . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people . (id27)
malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian malay . (id28)
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
in new york . (id30)
shumai is from china . (id31)
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce . (id32)
the ethnic group of sumatra is malays ( ethnic group ) . (id33)
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron . (id34)
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . (id38)
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy . (id39)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain . (id40)
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . (id42)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich . (id43)
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . (id44)
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bacon and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id45)
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread and it is a variation of blt . (id46)
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader . (id48)
baked alaska has meringue as an ingredient and comes from the united states . (id49)
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient . (id50)
bakso has vermicelli in it and comes from indonesia . (id51)
an ingredient of bakso is celery which belongs to apiaceae . (id52)
bandeja paisa has chicharron as one of its ingredients and comes from colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is claude bartolone . (id54)
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia . (id55)
batagor contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay . (id56)
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader . (id58)
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id59)
bhajji comes from india where the indian people live . (id60)
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader . (id61)
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and the main ingredient is banana . (id63)
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id65)
bionico contains granola and comes from guadalajara . (id66)
bionico is a dessert , as is cake . (id67)
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . (id68)
a variation of batagor is shumai which has shiitake as an ingredient . (id69)
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region of italy . (id70)
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and banana leaf , javanese cuisine . (id71)
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and belongs to the family of solanaceae . arrabbiata sauce includes tomato . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from rome , italy . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from rome , italy . (id74)
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital city is kuala lumpur . (id76)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . malaysia has an ethnic group of malaysian chinese . (id77)
a bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich and lettuce . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id80)
a bacon sandwich includes bread and is a variation of the blt which itself is itself of the club sandwich . (id81)
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from new york in france . (id82)
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro . (id83)
baked alaska , which contains christmas pudding , comes from new york , united states . (id84)
baked alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . a variation of dessert is cookie . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id86)
a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it comes from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id87)
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia . (id88)
bandeja paisa , which contains avocado , comes from the paisa region and is colombian cuisine . (id89)
bandeja paisa , which has hogao in it , is from the paisa region and is colombian cuisine . (id90)
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodle , it comes from the philippines . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it comes from the philippines . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish of nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore where the leader is tony tan . (id94)
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from singapore and indonesia . (id95)
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from singapore in singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji comes from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee . (id97)
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . a variation of dessert is cookie . (id98)
binignit is a dessert that contains sago . a variation of dessert is cookie . (id99)
binignit is a dessert that has taro as an ingredient . a variation of dessert is cookie . (id100)
binignit main ingredients are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato are of the order solanales . (id101)
bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient and comes from mexico . (id102)
bionico contains raisin and comes from guadalajara in mexico . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso . (id104)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where pietro grasso is the leader and the capital city is rome . (id105)
batchoy comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak arabic . (id106)
beef kway teow comes from singapore where the leader is tony tan and english language spoken . (id107)
amatriciana sauce includes tomato which comes from the solanaceae family and the order solanales . (id108)
amatriciana sauce has tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil as main ingredients and tomato . amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and pietro grasso is the leader . (id110)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . (id111)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . (id112)
arros negre comes from the catalonia region and the leader is the parliament of catalonia . arros negre comes from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is batak . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and comes from malaysia . sumatra has an ethnic group called malays ( ethnic group ) and the minangkabau people . (id115)
the leader of the united states was barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c . . (id117)
a bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and a variation is the club sandwich . (id118)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and condiment . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert , as is cookie . baked alaska comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . (id120)
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and sponge cake as main ingredients . baked alaska is from paris , new york or hong kong , united states . (id121)
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and meringue as main ingredients . baked alaska is found hong kong and france , united states or china . (id122)
baked alaska has meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding as main ingredients and ice cream as main ingredients . baked alaska is from hong kong in the united states . (id123)
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales which is part of derbyshire . a variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as an ingredient . (id124)
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . bakso is a dish of nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries and comes from indonesia . (id125)
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle and it comes from indonesia . (id126)
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine . (id127)
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine . (id128)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leader is francois hollande . france ' s leader is gerard larcher and the french language is french . (id129)
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake . batagor comes from the country of indonesia . (id130)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork . batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . (id131)
batchoy is a soup dish found in the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and chicken . (id132)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish nationwide in singapore and indonesia and comes from singapore . (id133)
the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in the country . beef kway teow comes from singapore and singapore and indonesia . (id134)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id135)
bhajji , which contains vegetable , can also be known as bhaji , bajji . bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . (id136)
bhajji main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and vegetable . bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region . (id137)
binignit has sago as main ingredients and sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales . (id138)
binignit main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . (id139)
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico . bionico is a dessert that requires granola as an ingredient . (id140)
bionico ' s main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . (id141)
bionico is a food found in mexico and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert , as is cookie . (id142)
bakso contains tapioca and comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id143)
ayam penyet comes from singapore where tony tan is a leader . ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . (id144)
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the ilocano people . batchoy comes from the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken . (id145)
in the philippines one of the ethnic groups are zamboangans and the igorot people . batchoy comes from the philippines where one of the languages used is arabic . (id146)
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english . (id147)
binignit is a dessert , as is sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english . (id148)
the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and indonesia . (id149)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group are malaysian malay and the malaysian chinese . (id150)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia , where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur . malaysia ' s ethnic group is malaysian indian and its ethnic group is malaysian malay . (id152)
malaysia ' s leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group in malaysian malay . asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . (id153)
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon and sausage . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area , united states . (id154)
the leader of the united states is paul ryan and the english language is spoken in the country . bacon explosion comes from the united states where white americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . . (id155)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup and blt . a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and comes from the united kingdom . (id156)
france ' s leader is manuel valls and gerard larcher is the spoken french language . baked alaska is from hong kong and is from france . (id157)
lemon is an ingredient of bandeja paisa and is part of the rutaceae family and the order rosids . bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department in colombia . (id158)
france ' s leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the spoken french language . sponge cake is an ingredient of barny cakes which comes from france . (id159)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay , which is a variation of batagor and shumai . batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . (id160)
batagor comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . (id161)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor and siomay . batagor comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id162)
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india . gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji and has the main ingredient of gram flour , vegetables . (id163)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the people are called the indian people . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala . (id164)
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , the inhabitants are called the indian people . two leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . (id165)
bionico is a dessert that contains sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . (id166)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey . (id167)
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico is a dessert and can be varied by honey . (id168)
spain ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and its ethnic group is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is carles puigdemont . (id169)
the leader of italy is matteo renzi and another leader is laura boldrini and italian language spoken in the country . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome . (id170)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . the inhabitants of italy are italians and the capital city is rome . (id171)
italy is lead by pietro grasso and matteo renzi and uses the italian language . amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome . (id172)
ayam penyet is a dish nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and can be found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken and ayam penyet . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore ' s leader is tony tan and it uses the english language . (id174)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino are an ethnic group and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and arabic . (id175)
ajoblanco originates from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . ajoblanco originates from andalusia where susana diaz is the leader . in spain the language spoken is the spanish language . (id176)
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of spain is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . the leader of andalusia is susana diaz . (id177)
