the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania is carroll county , maryland . (id2)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id3)
the title of the leader in azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . (id4)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . (id8)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . (id11)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku . (id12)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) . (id13)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property . (id15)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . (id16)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id17)
the monocacy national battlefield has the nearest city of frederick , maryland and is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the battlefield and was established on july 11th , 1907 . (id18)
the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey . (id19)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , which is led by the president of turkey . the monument was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in gettysburg , pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . the monument is located at seminary ridge , united states . (id21)
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and is cumberland county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams . (id22)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . (id23)
the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) , the capital of which is baku and the leader is artur rasizade . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan . (id24)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the president of turkey . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorized as a contributing property , was established in 2000 and is located at seminary ridge . the monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id26)
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and the west is franklin county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams . the north of adams is cumberland county , pennsylvania . (id27)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id28)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , categorised as a historic districts in the united states , is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th is located in maryland , united states . the 14th was established on july 11th , 1907 . (id30)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the turkish lira . (id31)
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu , the capital of which is ankara and the leader is the president of turkey . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was designed by pietro canonica . the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey . (id32)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara . the leader of turkey , led by the president of turkey , is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the turkish lira . (id33)
