the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland . (id2)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id3)
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the monocacy national battlefield where the nearest city is frederick , maryland . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is turk sehitleri aniti . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania in the united states . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . (id11)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id12)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) . (id13)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir , turkey where the capital is ankara . turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania in the united states . the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property . (id15)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan and the leader is artur rasizade . (id16)
the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id17)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established july 11th , 1907 ) is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield . (id18)
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey . (id19)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) ) is located in turkey and the leader is the president of turkey . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property and is in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , united states . (id21)
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . (id22)
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id23)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade whose capital is baku and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id24)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is located at seminary ridge . the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is categorised as a contributing property . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania in the united states . (id26)
adams county , pennsylvania has franklin county , pennsylvania to its west and carroll county , maryland to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . (id27)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . (id28)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . the native name for baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument ( established july 11th , 1907 ) is categorised as a historic districts in the united states . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in maryland in the united states . (id30)
the capital of turkey is ankara where the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the inauguration date of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze , is july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) ) is located in turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id31)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , made of bronze , was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 27th , 1932 . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in izmir , turkey where the capital is ankara . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id32)
the capital of turkey is ankara where the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) in turkey was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 - 27 . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id33)
