the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 .
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson , indiana the county seat of ` ` madison county , indiana ' ' .
michigan is located within the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california originates from the united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
barack obama is the united states leader .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where akron , ohio is an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , california , has the title united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california , orange county , california is located in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , with a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) , is located at 184 .
arlington , texas part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
the english language is spoken in the united states where the book akron , ohio .
albuquerque , new mexico , which is from the united states , is led by the president of the united states .
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , united states , where there are many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , with a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia part of fulton county , georgia , united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c .
anaheim , california , which has the area codes of 657 , 714 , has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) and is - 7 .
the california state senate in the california state capitol , anaheim , california , california .
anderson , indiana , indiana lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
antioch , california , contra costa county , california part of the san francisco bay area , is led by the united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states has the county seat fort worth , texas .
atlanta is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington , d . c .
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the united states .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is the location of atlantic county , new jersey which is part of atlantic city , new jersey
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , has olympia , washington as its capital .
albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , georgia ( u . s . state ) , has atlanta as its capital .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states and the largest city is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey .
arlington , texas part of texas where the english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the english language is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
albany , georgia is in the united states where english language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana in the united states is where the english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico , which has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and has a total density of 505 , 575 and a population of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , fulton county , georgia where atlanta is the county seat .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where potter county , texas is the country part of the amarillo , texas and african americans .
the capital of texas , whose capital is austin , texas , is the state of potter county , texas , amarillo , texas united states .
anaheim , california , california , where the spanish language is spanish , is led by the california state assembly , california state capitol .
anderson , indiana , adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , is 268 above sea level and has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
angola , indiana in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states has the total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california , which has a total population of 102372 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) and is abbreviated to 925 with the utc offset of - 7 .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 609 , the total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) and mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states , where washington , d . c . is pierce county , washington , is part of auburn , washington , in king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas ( largest city of houston ) , hays county , texas san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california where the chinese language is spoken by the california state assembly and the leader is the california state capitol .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia which is part of alpharetta , georgia georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states .
anderson , indiana , part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana part of the united states , indiana indianapolis .
arlington , texas part of texas , the largest city is houston , in the united states where english language .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group , the leader is the new mexico senate and the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is mayor of albuquerque , united states and the leader is barack obama where native americans in the united states ethnic group .
albany , georgia , united states , where the english language and native americans in the united states ethnic group , is part of the states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the inhabitants are called americans . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , the largest city is atlanta , the united states , where native americans in the united states ethnic group .
texas is in the united states where the english language is spoken and potter county , texas is the state . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . amarillo , texas part of texas .
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas in the united states is part of texas .
texas is written in english language of austin , texas and is the state of potter county , texas . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
anderson , indiana , part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . indiana is located within the united states .
antioch , california part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language . the title of the leader in antioch is california ' s 11th state assembly district .
atlanta , dekalb county , georgia , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , has 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) land and a total density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
attica , indiana , part of the united states , is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana and has a total density of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and is 166 meters long .
the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the origin of alabama and the african americans . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is the state of alabama .
auburn , washington , part of king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas where the english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city , the county is round rock , texas the county seat of georgetown , texas with the county seat .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston and the english language is spoken . austin is part of hays county , texas , the county seat of san marcos , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . texas is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states , the capital is indianapolis . the language spoken in it is english americans .
arlington , texas part of texas where the largest city is houston and the county of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . in texas the language spoken is the spanish language .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas and tarrant county , texas city is fort worth , texas .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey and white americans . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where americans live and the capital is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where native americans in the united states and lee county , alabama are the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . alabama is in the state of alabama .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , opelika , alabama , in the united states where native americans in the united states ethnic group and is part of alabama .
the united states is the country new jersey , the capital of which is trenton , new jersey , the largest city is newark , new jersey and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
new mexico is part of albuquerque , new mexico , united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is barack obama is the president of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where americans live and english language spoken . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . akron is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . barack obama is the leader and native americans in the united states ethnic group .
albany , georgia in the united states , where the people are called americans and the leader is the president of the united states is part of the states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
