the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
the former former team of akeem dent is atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc position is qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in september 02nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is in the youthclub youthclub youthclub .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is located in atlanta .
the manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is a dish from hungary .
canada was written in the english language .
the language of canada is slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is located in columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language of finland is finnish language .
italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
the ground of motherwell f . c . is located in fir park .
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is located in st . louis .
tennessee titans is located in nashville , tennessee .
aaron boogaard plays for wichita thunder . aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan .
the first club abel hernandez played for penarol is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for penarol and u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and his club is netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
the first club akeem adams played for ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , whose former team are new england patriots , is voiced by draft .
akeem ayers , whose former team are tennessee titans , is voiced by draft .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc and rops .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club . the ground of al - khor sports club is located in al khor .
the first club alaa abdul - zahra played for al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . the ground of hamilton academical f . c . is located in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in september 02nd , 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the first club aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk , who play in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 and was born in manitoba .
alex tyus was born in january 08th , 1988 . alex tyus plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada .
the anthem of canada is o canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
canada was written in the english language . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
the first club aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops , who play in veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco velodrome .
aaron hunt is a youthclub and plays for sv werder bremen and vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii . dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez is a youthclub and plays for u . s . citta di palermo and hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez is a youthclub and plays for penarol and u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar . adam maher was born in netherlands .
akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . and united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco .
the former former team of akeem ayers is los angeles rams and draft is the pick .
the former former team of akeem ayers is st . louis rams and draft is the pick .
akeem dent , debut , was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for iraq national under - 20 football team and shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and al kharaitiyat sc . the ground of al kharaitiyat sc is located in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . . the ground of accrington stanley f . c . is located in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd , 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . , draft , was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd , 1995 .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia whose leader is vladimir putin . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar . aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and russia national football b team . aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and azal pfk . the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for us lesquin and olympique lyonnais . the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 16 football team and a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club and plays for italy national under - 16 football team . italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and italy national under - 17 football team . alessio romagnoli was born in italy .
the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba .
the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante was born in canada . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus play in euroleague . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc tom tomsk . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc spartak moscow and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala . the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow where the leader is sergey sobyanin . aleksandr chumakov died in russia .
abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla and brazil national under - 20 football team . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla and c . d . fas . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
alex tyus was born in st . louis ( part of greater st . louis ) and the leader is francis g . slay .
tennessee titans is located in nashville , tennessee . new england patriots is the former team of akeem ayers .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and united petrotrin f . c . . the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and sv werder bremen . alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who are in the 3 . liga league .
abel hernandez is in central espanol and plays for penarol . the first club abel hernandez played for hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol .
abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo who play in serie a .
1986 was born in adam mcquaid and is weight . adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12th , 1986 .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins , where the first club are adam mcquaid . columbus blue jackets is located in columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers , debut , was born on 1989 . st . louis rams is the former team of akeem ayers , who was born on july 10th , 1989 .
houston texans is the former team of akeem dent , who was born in 1987 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
houston texans is the former team of akeem dent , debut . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and al - zawra ' a sc . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under - 23 football team . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc whose ground is al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st , 1989 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in february 24th , 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni and fc karpaty lviv . the height of aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
alex plante was born in canada on may 09th , 1989 . 1989 was born in alex plante and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada . 1989 was born in alex plante and is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . canada ' s leader is elizabeth ii and its language is inuktitut . the anthem of canada is o canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the leader is elizabeth ii . canada , whose anthem is o canada , are home to asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . canada ' s leader is elizabeth ii and its language is slavey language . the anthem of canada is o canada .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . the chairman of fc torpedo moscow is aleksandr tukmanov .
houston texans in texas is located in houston . atlanta falcons is the debut debut .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division . abel hernandez is in penarol and plays for hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez is in penarol . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team and fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov died in russia whose leader is valentina matviyenko . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
the ground of olympique lyonnais is located in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . the chairman of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas . aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
alessio romagnoli is defender ( football ) and plays for u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan who play in serie a . alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria and italy national under - 17 football team . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez is in central espanol . abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . gadzhi gadzhiyev is the manager of fc amkar perm .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov is in fc spartak moscow and plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny whose ground is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union .
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc .
the ground of united petrotrin f . c . is located in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc .
