the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor . (id3)
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is located at 324 . (id9)
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is located at 166 . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
in california the language spoken is the spanish language . (id20)
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states . (id22)
the county seat of madison county , indiana , is anderson , indiana . (id23)
michigan is located within the united states . (id24)
the largest city in michigan is detroit . (id25)
orange county , california originates from the united states . (id26)
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon . (id27)
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas . (id28)
the leader of the united states is barack obama . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol . (id30)
akron , ohio is located within the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states . (id34)
anaheim , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of california . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id37)
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . (id38)
arlington , texas is located at 184 and has an area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . (id39)
arlington , texas part of texas , united states . (id40)
atlanta is part of georgia , united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . (id47)
amarillo , texas is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . (id48)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id49)
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id50)
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id51)
akron , ohio is in the united states where english language . (id52)
albuquerque , new mexico is located within the united states , which is led by the president of the united states . (id53)
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico , with a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) and is led by the new mexico senate . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id58)
anaheim , california , with - 7 , has the area code of 657 , 714 and is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) . (id59)
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id62)
antioch , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area . (id63)
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat of texas , is fort worth , texas . (id64)
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id65)
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in jersey is newark , new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the states is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . (id69)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . (id70)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states , the capital city of which is olympia , washington . (id71)
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta . (id72)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in county is anderson , indiana . (id73)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey . (id74)
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas . (id75)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c . (id76)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c . (id77)
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . (id78)
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id80)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is barack obama . (id81)
albany , georgia is in the united states where there are many african americans and the english language . (id82)
angola , indiana is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the english language . (id83)
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of the united states . the language of the states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id84)
the total code of albuquerque , new mexico , which has the total code of 505 , 575 , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , with 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) floors , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta . (id86)
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans . (id87)
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . it is in the state of texas , the capital of which is austin , texas . (id88)
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the spanish language . (id89)
the total area of anderson , indiana , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson is 268 above sea level and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola , with a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) , is part of indiana . (id91)
antioch , california , utc offset - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , which has a total population of 102372 , has the area code of 925 . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey , 609 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total title of city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . alabama is in the state of alabama . (id94)
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . (id95)
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , is part of king county , washington . washington is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . (id96)
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , is part of king county , washington . auburn is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . (id97)
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas . (id98)
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the chinese language . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta . (id100)
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , the capital of which is indianapolis . anderson is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana of the united states . (id101)
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas , united states . (id102)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans . (id103)
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states . (id104)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states . (id105)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader in albuquerque is the new mexico senate where the leader is the john sanchez . (id106)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans . (id107)
the united states is home to barack obama and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque in the states . (id108)
the language of the united states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , georgia , states , is part of the states . (id109)
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of indiana , states . (id110)
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , states . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of the states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . georgia part of fulton county , georgia where the largest city is atlanta . (id113)
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used . (id114)
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states . (id115)
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the total area of anderson , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id117)
antioch , california , led by california ' s 11th state assembly district , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language . (id118)
atlanta , with 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has an area of 404 and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlanta , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , is part of dekalb county , georgia . (id119)
attica , indiana , with a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , is part of the united states and part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is located at 166 and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id120)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans . (id121)
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , king county , washington , united states . the total area of auburn , which has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) , is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id122)
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , texas where the english language is spoken . the county seat of texas , with the county seat of georgetown , texas , is round rock , texas the largest city . (id123)
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . (id124)
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language . (id125)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english americans . (id126)
arlington , texas part of texas which is part of tarrant county , texas and the county seat of fort worth , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language . (id127)
arlington , texas part of texas , united states , whose capital is austin , texas . arlington part of tarrant county , texas where the largest city is fort worth , texas . (id128)
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states . (id129)
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , oregon , linn county , oregon , states . (id130)
the demonym of the united states is americans where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of oregon , united . (id131)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language . (id132)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . (id133)
the county seat of lee county , alabama , with the county seat of opelika , alabama , is united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of alabama , alabama . (id134)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the largest city in jersey , whose largest city is newark , new jersey , is trenton , new jersey . (id135)
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states where english language . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states . (id136)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language . (id137)
the leader of the united states is barack obama , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , states . (id138)
albany , georgia is part of the united states , the states where there are many african americans . the demonym of the united states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states . (id139)
