the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba . (id1)
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id2)
mahe , india is northwest of the northwest of kerala . (id3)
the neighboring municipality for mendrisio is meride . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab . (id8)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the university is located in the city of belgaum . (id9)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has the president b . m . reddy . (id10)
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id11)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi . (id12)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and it has 250 academic staff . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . (id14)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi and the northwest is mahe , india . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is the germans of romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . (id19)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university based in belgaum at the campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as sport offers the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania , whose capital is bucharest . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark , is lead by lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , kochi and has 250 academic staff . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is desteapta - te , romane ! and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania . (id27)
the capital of romania is alba iulia , the capital of which is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba . (id28)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mahe , india is northwest of the northwest of kerala . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the director of the institute is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id32)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id33)
the awh engineering college is located in india where the largest city is mumbai and the state of kerala is kochi . the river of india is the ganges . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate and mols to its northeast . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . the academic staff of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is 100 . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute has 700 postgraduate students . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the religion of denmark is the church of denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id41)
the awh engineering college in india is located in kerala and was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india where the largest city is mumbai . the leader of kerala is kochi . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania and desteapta - te , romane ! people . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle . (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 16000 students . the school has 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students . the academic staff of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is 100 . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta . the title of the leader in switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . the director of the institute is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the motto of the institute is ` ` nurturing excellence ' ' . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the west is the arabian sea . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as sport offers the international tennis federation . (id47)
romania is the country alba iulia , the capital bucharest , klaus iohannis and prime minister of romania . the ethnic group of romania is the germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 737 academic staff . the school is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark , is lead by monarchy of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . the school has 16000 students . the school is affiliated with the european university association . the school has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen . (id51)
