the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
in california the language is the spanish language .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
madison county , indiana has the county seat of anderson , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the leader of the united states is barack obama .
the united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
albany , oregon is part of oregon where the capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states , is lead by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . arlington , texas has an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
amarillo , texas is from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the title of the leader is the president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
anaheim , california has an utc offset of - - 7 . the area code for anaheim , california is 657 , 714 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch , california is the united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas .
atlanta is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for atlanta is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . new jersey ' s largest city is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in united states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital city is olympia , washington .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in madison county , indiana is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . arlington , texas is part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . .
akron , ohio is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states , which includes many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the leader of the united states is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language of the united states is english language .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the language of the united states is english language and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . albuquerque , new mexico has a land area of 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas , united states .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . in california the language is the spanish language .
anderson , indiana has an elevation of 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is located in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
the utc offset for antioch , california is - 7 . the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . the area code for antioch , california is 925 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , which includes many asian americans . lee county , alabama is located in alabama .
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , in the united states , where african americans is one of the ethnic groups . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
pierce county , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington and is part of pierce county , washington .
auburn , washington is in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and is part of king county , washington .
the largest city in texas is houston . austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located in the california state capitol and part of california . california uses the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate whose leader is the john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader ' s title is the mayor of albuquerque . one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states .
one united states ethnic group is native americans in the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the language of the united states is english language of the asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
potter county , texas is in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas which is in the united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . potter county , texas is in texas .
potter county , texas potter county , texas potter county , texas in potter county , texas , the united states , the state of texas , united states . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and it uses the english language . amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas of potter county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana and fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana has an area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area , california . the leader of antioch , california is california ' s 11th state assembly district . california uses the english language .
atlanta covers 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . the area code for atlanta is 404 . atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
the population density of attica , indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) ) . attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana has an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) .
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington king county , washington , united states . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
texas uses the english language . the largest city in williamson county , texas is round rock , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin , texas is part of texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is english language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas and is part of hays county , texas . texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . san marcos , texas is the county seat of hays county , texas .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana indiana indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language is english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans english americans .
texas ' s largest city is houston and its language is the spanish language . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat of tarrant county , texas .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas texas . texas is in the united states and is the capital of austin , texas . the largest city of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where the largest city is new york city and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the people of the united states are known as americans and the native americans in the united states people .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states which has washington , d . c . as its capital . the people of the united states are known as americans and are an ethnic group of asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , where african americans is a ethnic group . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language .
lee county , alabama is located in alabama , united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , alabama is part of alabama and is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in the united states where the native americans in the united states an ethnic group . opelika , alabama is the county seat of lee county , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . new jersey ' s capital is trenton , new jersey and its largest city is newark , new jersey .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the language of the united states is english language .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states , which includes many asian americans . the demonym for natives of the united states is americans and they speak english language .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states , where native americans in the united states one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states . the people of the united states are called americans and african americans . the leader of the united states has the title president of the united states .
