11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the owner of alan b . miller hall is the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the architecture of asilomar conference grounds is the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds were built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
the people of india are called indian people .
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is white south african .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
200 public square is located in the united states and has a floor count of 45 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 34 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has a floor count of 60 .
located in the united states , george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen is marriott international .
adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architecture style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architecture style .
the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is ` ` 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori ' ' . the floor count of the akita museum of art is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road and is located in gujarat .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3arena is located in dublin , part of the republic of ireland .
john madin ( born in birmingham ) was the architect of 103 colmore row located in colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , located in the united states , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , which is a part of dupage county , illinois and led by rahm emanuel .
located in the united states , george winkler designed the 320 south boston building . the floor count of 320 south boston building is 22 .
the 3arena at north wall quay was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in denmark and has a floor count of 23 .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel . the floor count of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 23 . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was 3xn .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor ' s architect was philip charles hardwick and it was completed in 1862 . adare manor is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall in haputale was finished in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 and has the tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the construction of alan b . miller hall began in 30 march 2007 and the mason school of business is located in the united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the asilomar conference grounds and chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 is located in new york city and added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
birmingham was the hometown of john madin who designed 103 colmore row . the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) ) .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . the leader of birmingham is the liberal democrats ) .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia whose leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad and is located in gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland . the key person for marriott international is bill marriott .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham and has a floor count of 23 . 103 colmore row began in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
south africa ' s ethnic group are the coloured and the asian south africans . 11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the capital is cape town .
cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio in the united states . 200 public square is located in cleveland which is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor count of 12 . 250 delaware avenue cost 110 million ( dollars ) and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago which is part of cook county , illinois . the leader of chicago , united states , is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle in illinois was finished in 2009 . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) and a floor count of 60 .
dublin is part of leinster in the republic of ireland . 3arena in dublin is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in copenhagen and has a floor count of 23 . 3xn was the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . the government of county limerick is the limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the filipinos in japan are the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan the filipinos in japan filipinos in japan
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita and is located in akita prefecture . the akita museum of art is located in japan where the vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and is located in akita , akita . the akita museum of art can be found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall is at 101 ukrop way and is located in williamsburg , virginia . alan b . miller hall was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and another leader is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . constructed in 1913 , the asilomar conference grounds are located at pacific grove , california .
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . constructed in 1904 , asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . new york city is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr . .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . birmingham , which has the b postcode area is lead by andrew mitchell .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . birmingham has the b postcode area and the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat where anandiben patel is the leader . amdavad ni gufa is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is t . s . thakur and narendra modi is the chief of the country .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and is located in akita , akita . akita prefecture is in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united kingdom is london where the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is joe biden . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states .
250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) ) and a floor count of 12 . 250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has the postmodern architecture .
the leader of chicago , united states , is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago which is part of illinois . the capital of illinois is springfield , illinois .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii of denmark and the faroese language is greek .
marriott international ' s key person is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c . . marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in denmark . denmark language is greenlandic language .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its greenlandic language is greek .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . adare manor is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 m metres and its floor area is 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) ) . construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita , japan . the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture and has a floor count of 3 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . japan ' s leader ' s name is taro aso and its ethnic group is chinese people in japan .
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is located in virginia and owned by the college of william & mary . the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . ahmedabad is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka in sri lanka . the governing body of the eastern province , sri lanka is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building and the hearst castle .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach . julia morgan designed the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
new york city is part of manhattan in the united states . asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of new netherland . manhattan ' s leader is cyrus vance , jr . .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and the birmingham city council . john madin was born in birmingham and is the architect of 103 colmore row .
the leader of the united states ( official title president of the united states ) is barack obama along with john roberts . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
