abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of the grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is based in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is the transport aircraft for the united states air force .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
the al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the united states air force , involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the first runway at alderney airport , which is 877 , is made of asphalt .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has an asphalt surface .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , with a runway length of 2014 , serves the city of amsterdam .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , with a runway length of 3300 , serves the city of amsterdam .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose largest city is houston .
the angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , has a runway length of 3800 .
the ardmore airport ( new zealand ) , with a runway length of 597 , has a poaceae .
the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet , and it is 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero in brasilia .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has the runway name of 10r / 28l and is 2776 metres long .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid , new york , saranac lake , new york has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of poaceae . the runway length of airport is 877 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority , headquartered at jinnah international airport , operates the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and its runway name is 18l / 36r . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 .
the andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , is based at the four world trade center and operates the atlantic city international airport .
the atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 .
the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , and is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain and is lead by ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes in spain where the leader is the people ' s party ( spain ) .
the abilene regional airport , abilene , texas , is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . the length of the runway at airport is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name of airport is 18l / 36r . the runway length of airport is 3500 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier of agr . the icao location identifier of agra is viag .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the al asad airbase has the runway name 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the al asad airbase has the runway name 09r / 27l and a length of 3990 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the aircraft fighter of the air is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , amsterdam , has the name 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' . the runway length of airport is 2014 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and its runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' . the runway length of the airport is 2014 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport , texas , serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the length of the runway at andrews is 929 .
texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is austin , texas and its natives are tejano and andrews county airport .
texas is in the united states , where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin , texas and the andrews county airport is located .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola , luanda .
antwerp international airport , which is owned by the flemish region , is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 600 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat and their hub at turkmenbashi international airport is located in turkmenistan .
the athens international airport , located in spata , serves the city of athens and is 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of the airport is 3800 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where charles michel and german language spoken .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the french language is spoken by philippe of belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york essex county , new york , harrietstown , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . iraq is lead by the kurdish languages and fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . iraq , where the kurdish languages and haider al - abadi are leaders .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , which is lead by malik muhammad rafique rajwana and serves the city of lahore in pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the class monocotyledon and is of the order commelinids .
tirstrup is part of the central denmark region , denmark . it is the location of aarhus airport . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark and the language is the faroese language .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway length of airport is 4100 . the runway name of airport is 14l / 32r .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra is viag . the runway length of airport is 1818 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the al asad airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and the runway name , 08 / 26 . the runway length of its is 3990 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the al asad airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa and the runway name , 08 / 26 . the length of the runway at the al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the air has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 . the aircraft fighter of the air is general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the transport aircraft for the air is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada , were involved in operation enduring freedom and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the transport aircraft for the air is the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . the surface of the 1st runway at airport , which is made of poaceae , is 733 and is 08 / 26 .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of airport is 3310 . the runway name of airport is 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan , lahore is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name of airport is 18r / 36l . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the length of the runway at airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . the location of the airport is maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the length of the runway at airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway name of airport is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the runway name of the airport is 1 / 19 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of the airport is 2744 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the length of the runway at the airport is 1533 . it is elevated 210 metres above sea level .
angola international airport in icolo e bengo , luanda is 159 meters above sea level and has the runway name of 05l / 23r . the runway length of airport is 3800 .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras and the leader is nikos voutsis where the greek language is spoken .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . the leader of greece is prokopis pavlopoulos and the language is the greek language .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . it is in belgium where the leader is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels and the leader is philippe of belgium .
the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . it is in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york new york . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york , united states and is served by the airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york harrietstown , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . agra is operated by the indian air force . the aircraft helicopter for the air is the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik . agra is operated by the indian air force . the aircraft helicopter for the air is the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and fuad masum and arabic .
