the abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is andrews county , texas .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 896 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the language spoken in belgium is dutch language .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are called danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located within the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of the grand chute , wisconsin .
the language spoken in iraq is arabic .
madrid is based in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania is carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the title of the leader in azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the start date of building 320 south boston building was 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
the asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is mulatu teshome .
the people of india are called indian people .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
one of the ethnic groups of south africa is the white south african .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion was made in ` ` print ' ' .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
the language spoken in a long long way is the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the author of above the veil is garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
the language spoken in aenir is the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the language spoken in the castle ( novel ) is the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux is macmillan publishers .
john cowper powys notablework was a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
one of the ethnic groups of the united states is the asian americans .
the language spoken in the united states is english language .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics , .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
the a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar competed in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ` ` akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the umbria region .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel is attached to the club fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez is a member of the fc dallas club .
luciano spalletti was at the club udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini is in the vicenza calcio club .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located within the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the neighboring municipality for mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean was from the united states .
the backup pilot of apollo 8 is buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was shown on the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel was an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the title of the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas part of the state of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 .
the area codes for antioch , california are 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
the county seat of madison county , indiana , is anderson , indiana .
michigan is located within the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california originates from the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
the leader of the united states is barack obama .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
an ingredient in amatriciana sauce is pecorino romano .
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
an ingredient in arros negre is white rice .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
an ingredient of the blt is tomato .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong .
bakewell pudding is made of warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
an ingredient in bandeja paisa is chicharron .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be made with 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
an ingredient of batchoy is shrimp .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
an ingredient in binignit is taro .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is a member of the class bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
the language spoken in indonesia is the indonesian language .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
one of the ethnic groups of java is the banyumasan people .
one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
in new york the language spoken is the spanish language .
shumai is located in china .
an ingredient of siomay is peanut sauce .
the ethnic group of sumatra is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located within the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico , led by the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is located at 13 and has an area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is located at 184 and has an area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english language .
albuquerque , new mexico is located within the united states , which is led by the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato and comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper and comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich .
the main ingredient of a bacon explosion is bacon and it also contains sausage .
an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , aka bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is bacon .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and it uses bread as an ingredient .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from the united states .
bakewell pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso contains vermicelli and comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery which is a family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron , is typical colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is claude bartolone .
batagor contains peanut sauce and comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
beef kway teow contains palm sugar and comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil , it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the people are called indian people .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana in the philippines .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico contains granola and is found in the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , like cake .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of shumai and it uses shiitake as an ingredient .
the aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
the al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 .
the al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has an asphalt surface .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose largest city is houston .
the angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , has a runway length of 3800 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 .
ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is located in verona , italy .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , manages a . c . chievo verona .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and they payed in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and its ground is located in livorno .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c .
the full name of acf fiorentina is ` ` acf fiorentina s . p . a . ' ' and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and its ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena and it is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has got 3000 members and they payed in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which is a dish from umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who played for empoli f . c .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and was produced in e - book .
the eissn number of aip advances , eissn 2158 , is aip adv . .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in print form .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print with the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , by julius springer .
the literary number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , oclc number 78771100 , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
the discipline of the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , is mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which has the parent company johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird from the united states .
bananaman starred jill shilling and was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcasted by stv .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which starred scott adsit .
baymax is a big hero 6 ( film ) created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on march 15th , 1932 ) is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace , with 50 floors , was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , with 45 floors , is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in chicago .
the 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler in the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena , designed by the populous ( company ) , is located in dublin .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , designed by george richard pain , was 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located at haputale , sri lanka .
adisham hall , with the tudor revival architecture style , is located in sri lanka .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
the ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , retired , united states , was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national where the leader is joe biden .
buzz aldrin , an united states , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see , a united states national , was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis where the leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 in st . louis , kingdom of france .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the purple finch and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was produced in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english language of great britain ) and preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems was published by the association for computing machinery which has its headquarters in new york city and is led by alexander l . wolf .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv , comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and was a student at stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states and written in the english language .
a severed wasp is written in english language spoken in great britain ) in the united states .
a severed wasp has 388 pages , can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir was followed by above the veil which was written by australians and uses the english language .
aenir was written by garth nix and followed by above the veil where the english language is spoken .
above the veil by garth nix was produced in hardcover and has 248 pages .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
the addiction ( journal ) , abbreviated to addiction , is part of the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the addiction ( journal ) , issn number 0965 - 2140 , was published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in the state of new york and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil and uses the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language spoken in great britain ) in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and was published in hardcover with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the administrative science quarterly was published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is written in the english language and originates from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group and the leader is the president of the united states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and is attached to the club sv germania schoneiche .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who played for a . s . d . licata 1931 and is in the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they have 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club was antonis milionis and has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool name  is association football club blackpool has 1500 members and its ground is located in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . fylde is dave challinor who plays for stockport county f . c . and is attached to the club colwyn bay f . c . .
a . s . livorno calcio , full name livorno calcio s . p . a . , has 19238 members and is based in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio , who are managed by christian panucci , play in the serie b league whose champions are carpi f . c . 1909 .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is located in greece and they compete in the superleague greece where the champions were olympiacos f . c .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
amsterdam , part of amsterdam - centrum , is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) and eberhard van der laan is the leader .
amsterdam , part of amsterdam - noord , is the home ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) whose leader is eberhard van der laan .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who plays for udinese calcio and is attached to the club empoli f . c .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who played for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is in the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the manager of a . c . cesena is massimo drago who played for u . s . castrovillari calcio and the s . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row located at colmore row was designed by architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g . jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , has 12 floors and is located in the united states .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors , was designed by george winkler from the united states .
the 3arena , designed by hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , with marriott international floors , is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , has 23 floors and was designed by the 3xn firm .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster .
adare manor , which is owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , tudor and jacabian , haputale was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , tudor and jacabian , sri lanka was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its current tenants are the mason school of business which is based in the united states .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan , who was born in san francisco and also designed the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan who was born in california and also chinatown , san francisco .
the asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and was constructed in 1904 and is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) .
the asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and was constructed in 1904 in new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was designed by birmingham , the leader of which is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the liberal democrats .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where the leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
the marriott international , with bill marriott as key key person , is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen and is located in bethesda , maryland .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico , with a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia originates from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california , with - 7 , has the area code of 657 , 714 and is 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california , led by the california state senate , is located in the california state capitol , california .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch , california , led by the united states house of representatives , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area .
arlington , texas part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat of texas , is fort worth , texas .
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlanta , 404 , has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in jersey is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states , the capital city of which is olympia , washington .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of dougherty county , georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states , the capital city of which is trenton , new jersey .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c .
akron , ohio is located within the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the english language is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is barack obama .
albany , georgia is in the united states where there are many african americans and the english language .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where there are many asian americans and the english language .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway name of 10r / 28l and a length of 2776 .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid , new york , saranac lake , new york has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
the agra airport , with the icao location identifier of viag , is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the 1986 united states bombing of libya in battles at the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the alderney airport , which serves the city of alderney , has a 1st runway made of poaceae and is 877 .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
the allama iqbal international airport , with the runway name 18l / 36r , has a length of 2900 and is located in punjab , pakistan .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport , which is 973 metres above sea level , is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 .
andrews county airport , which is 973 metres above sea level , is located in texas and has a runway length of 896 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called tejano .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based at the four world trade center .
the atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader of sebastian is the people ' s party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . the southeast of it is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce contains guanciale and comes from the lazio region in italy .
the main ingredient of arem - arem is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings , it also contains banana leaf and is typical javanese cuisine .
the tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant and is part of the family solanaceae and are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce contains olive oil and comes from the region of rome in italy .
arrabbiata sauce contains tomato and comes from the region of rome in italy .
the asam pedas contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula region in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the leader is arifin zakaria and the capital is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and comes from indonesia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian chinese .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and lettuce .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington , d . c .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt , the club sandwich and bread .
baked alaska contains sponge cake and comes from the region of new york in france .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
baked alaska contains christmas pudding and comes from the region of new york in the united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sponge cake .
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert , it includes ground almond , jam , butter , eggs and is from the derbyshire dales region .
bakewell pudding is a variation of the bakewell tart and originates from the derbyshire dales region of ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso contains beef and comes from indonesia and indonesia .
bandeja paisa contains avocado and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa contains hogao and comes from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef , it also contains noodle and is from the philippines .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetable , it also contains the philippines .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia , singapore and tony tan is the leader .
beef kway teow contains sesame oil and comes from the region of singapore , indonesia .
beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and comes from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains banana .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains sago .
binignit is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie and contains taro .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato ( solanales ) and banana .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico contains raisin and comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group and the language is arabic .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the english language is spoken .
amatriciana sauce includes the ingredient tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family and is part of the order of solanales .
the awh engineering college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kerala , india .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest and kochi as its leader .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the germans of romania are an ethnic group .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark .
the asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is an french people .
bananaman , last aired on april 15th , 1986 , starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast by the bbc .
baymax was first published in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) which is owned by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , aka mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) .
103 colmore row , with 23 floors , is located in birmingham . it was built in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . in africa there is an ethnic group in asian south africans and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council , and it is part of cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo , new york . it , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , was cost 110 million ( dollars ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois . it , united states , is led by rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois . it has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) .
the 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin . dublin is part of the republic of ireland and is part of leinster .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is home to marriott international , is copenhagen . the hotel , which has 23 floors , was designed by the 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick . limerick , which has a limerick city and county council , is part of munster .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called filipinos in japan . the museum is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where there is an ethnic group called vietnamese people in japan . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the museum is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall , which is owned by the college of william & mary , was completed on 1 june 2009 . the address of the hall is 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
the asilomar conference grounds , built in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 and has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
the asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is gale brewer .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by andrew mitchell . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
birmingham , with the b postcode area , is led by the labour party ( uk ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat whose leader is anandiben patel . it is located in india whose leader is sumitra mahajan .
the leader of india is t . s . thakur and the leader is narendra modi . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india .
akita prefecture is located in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . the akita museum of art is located in prefecture , akita , akita .
the capital of the united kingdom is london , the parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in the kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the monocacy national battlefield has the nearest city of frederick , maryland and is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the battlefield and was established on july 11th , 1907 .
the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze can be found in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , which is led by the president of turkey . the monument was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
albany , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , is part of the united states . the language of the states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the total code of albuquerque , new mexico , which has the total code of 505 , 575 , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , with 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) floors , has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas , united states . it is in the state of texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the spanish language .
the total area of anderson , indiana , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson is 268 above sea level and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola , with a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) , is part of indiana .
antioch , california , utc offset - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . antioch , which has a total population of 102372 , has the area code of 925 .
atlantic city , new jersey , 609 , has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total title of city , which has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , is mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . alabama is in the state of alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the state of alabama , united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , is part of king county , washington . washington is located in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , washington ( state ) , is part of king county , washington . auburn is located within the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston . austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california , led by the california state assembly , is located in the california state capitol , california . in california the language spoken is the chinese language .
alpharetta , georgia part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . georgia part of fulton county , georgia which has the county seat of atlanta .
anderson , indiana is part of indiana , the capital of which is indianapolis . anderson is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana of the united states .
the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language . arlington , texas part of texas , united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader in albuquerque is the new mexico senate where the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
the united states is home to barack obama and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque in the states .
the language of the united states is english language and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , georgia , states , is part of the states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of indiana , states .
the language of the united states is english language , asian americans . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel who played for sv babelsberg 03 . jens is at 1 . fc union berlin and plays for fsv zwickau .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who plays for f . c . bari 1908 . he was born in italy and is in the carrarese calcio club .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who played for torino f . c . michele was born in italy and his club was a . c . chievo verona .
the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s chairman is antonis milionis and they play in the a epsth 2nd group .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is led by the conservative party ( uk ) .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is lead by gordon marsden .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is ` ` association football club fylde ' ' and its ground is located at warton , fylde , lancashire . it has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . the full name of it is association football club fylde and its ground is the bryning lane .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c . he plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and is attached to the club inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and they payed in the 2014 season . the aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece and is based in greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . the owner of it , which is owned by afc ajax n . v . , is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , whose nickname is joden , godenzonen , competed in the 2014 season . the full name of ajax is ` ` amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ' ' and they have 5000 members .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for vitesse arnhem . john plays for afc ajax and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions were vila nova futebol clube . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil . it ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker modling . the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter who played for fk austria wien .
the abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of abilene , texas . the length of the runway at the airport is 17l / 35r and it is 2194 long .
the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . it is 507 metres above sea level and serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport has the runway name 18l / 36r and a length of 3500 . it is operated by enaire and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in india . the icao location identifier of agra , agr , is viag .
the al asad airbase has the runway name 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in iraq .
the al asad airbase has the runway name 09r / 27l and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located at al anbar province , iraq .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada . the force has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is located in pakistan . the airport , which serves the city of lahore , has a runway length of 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of airport , 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' , is 2014 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of the airport , 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' , is 2014 .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 metres above sea level and is located in texas . the airport , which serves the city of andrews , texas , has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . it is inhabited by tejano and its capital is austin , texas .
the capital of texas is austin , texas and the language is the english language . andrews county airport is located in texas , united states .
angola international airport , luanda , is located in icolo e bengo . the icolo e bengo is part of the luanda province in angola .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 600 . the airport is elevated 12 metres above sea level and is owned by the flemish region .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan is turkmenbashi international airport and its headquarters are in ashgabat .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens and has a runway length of 3800 . the airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is located in spata .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader . airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts . it is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
belgium is written in the german language and is lead by charles michel . the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
belgium is written in the french language and is lead by philippe of belgium . the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states . adirondack regional airport serves the city of york which is part of essex county , new york .
iraq is lead by the kurdish languages and fuad masum . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq .
iraq , where the kurdish languages and haider al - abadi are leaders . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq .
the allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . it is located in punjab , pakistan whose leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of commelinids . the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the bbc ,  abbreviated  to bbc radio , has rona fairhead as key key person . bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is based in broadcasting house .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . he was first broadcast by stv on the 3rd of october , 1983 .
baymax is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring ryan potter . he was created by duncan rouleau , an americans .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . the bolt was created by ernie colon , an puerto ricans national .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii and preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and was produced in e - book . it has 512 pages and the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader . the aids is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 49805501 , is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which english language spoken in great britain . the a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the united states is english language , asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and was produced in hardcover . it has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica , issn number 0236 - 5294 , is 83646315 . the academic discipline of it , abbreviated to acta math . hungar . , is mathematics .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 . the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences . the acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . cornell is in ithaca , new york and is in new york .
aenir has a total of 233 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . the author of it , which was written by garth nix , is paperback .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which english language spoken in great britain . it is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 published by johns hopkins university press . the press has a parent company of johns hopkins university and comes from the united states .
the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . it was published in english language spoken in great britain .
the united states is home to the leader barack obama and the asian americans . a wizard of mars is written in english language of the united .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
the language of the united states is english language and the leader is barack obama . a severed wasp originates from the states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
alan bean was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong , chris patten . he was a crew member on apollo 8 where the crew is frank borman .
buzz aldrin , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 , was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz , who was born on edwin eugene aldrin jr . , received won 20 awards .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan was born in new hampshire and died in california .
alan shepard died in california where the senators are dianne feinstein . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . elliot was an united states who was born in dallas .
william anders was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the river of india is the ganges .
the acharya institute of technology , with in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum , india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . the director of the institute in dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia which is part of alba county . the university is located in romania whose capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is located in aarhus , which has the government magistrate .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi . the college has an academic staff size of 250 and is located in kuttikkattoor .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and the capital is bucharest .
the capital of romania is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region , italy . the main ingredients of sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomato .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is pietro grasso . the capital of italy is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arros negre is from spain where the spaniards are an ethnic group . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . it is a food found in malaysia where the malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra , where the minangkabau people are an ethnic group , is the malays ( ethnic group ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is john roberts . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and the club sandwich . an ingredient in a sandwich is ketchup , it comes from the united kingdom .
the bacon sandwich , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom . the main ingredient of a sandwich is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment .
baked alaska is classed as a dessert and it is a cookie . alaska is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of baked alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains sponge cake . alaska originates from the region of paris , new york or hong kong in the united states .
baked alaska comes from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains meringue .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , united states . the main ingredient of alaska is meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and it also contains ice cream .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . pudding can be varied by adding bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
the main ingredient of bakso is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries , indonesia .
bakso comes from the region of indonesia , indonesia . the main ingredient of it is ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and it also contains noodle .
the main ingredient of bandeja paisa is red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon , and it also contains the kidney bean . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao . it is a dish from the paisa region in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish which contains shiitake and originates from indonesia .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines . the main ingredients of it are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
the main ingredient of batchoy is noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it also contains chicken . it is a soup dish found in the philippines .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and singapore . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
the leader of singapore is standard chinese and the leader is halimah yacob . beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . the main ingredients of beef are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india . bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , includes vegetable .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains vegetable .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato . it belongs to the division of flowering plant and the order of solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredient of it is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico . it is a dessert that contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert , as is the cookie .
bakso comes from indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . it contains tapioca and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . it is a food found in singapore , where the leader is tony tan .
in the philippines they speak philippine spanish and the ilocano people . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the zamboangans are an ethnic group .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . the binignit course is a dessert , as should cookie .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . it is a dessert , as sandesh ( confectionery ) .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was preceded by the grantville gazette . 1634 is followed by ring of fire ii where the english language is spoken .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university which is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is located in ithaca , new york . the president of the university , elizabeth garrett , is the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where there is an ethnic group called native americans in the united states . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
above the veil is followed by into battle ( novel ) which was followed by the violet keystone and australians . it is preceded by aenir which was preceded by the castle ( novel ) .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the a severed wasp was written in english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the language of the united states is english language spoken in great britain .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is asian americans .
the demonym of the united states , where the americans , is washington , d . c . , the african americans are an ethnic group . 1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the states where the leader is barack obama .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the english language spoken in great britain . the title of the ethnic groups of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of the states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . georgia part of fulton county , georgia where the largest city is atlanta .
amarillo , texas part of potter county , texas in the state of texas , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the english language is used .
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
potter county , texas is in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the english language is spoken . amarillo , texas part of texas , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the anderson township , madison county , indiana , fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the total area of anderson , which has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california , led by california ' s 11th state assembly district , is part of contra costa county , california , san francisco bay area . antioch part of california where english language .
atlanta , with 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , has an area of 404 and a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlanta , with a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) , is part of dekalb county , georgia .
attica , indiana , with a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) , is part of the united states and part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . it is located at 166 and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
auburn , washington , pierce county , washington , king county , washington , united states . the total area of auburn , which has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) , is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , texas where the english language is spoken . the county seat of texas , with the county seat of georgetown , texas , is round rock , texas the largest city .
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , whose largest city is houston , is the english language .
austin , texas is part of texas which is part of hays county , texas the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english americans .
arlington , texas part of texas which is part of tarrant county , texas and the county seat of fort worth , texas . the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston , is the spanish language .
arlington , texas part of texas , united states , whose capital is austin , texas . arlington part of tarrant county , texas where the largest city is fort worth , texas .
the largest city in the united states , whose largest city is new york city , is washington , d . c . and the white americans are an ethnic group . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the states .
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . albany , oregon , linn county , oregon , states .
the demonym of the united states is americans where the capital is washington , d . c . and the asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of oregon , united .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the states is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , with the county seat of opelika , alabama , is united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of alabama , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the largest city in jersey , whose largest city is newark , new jersey , is trenton , new jersey .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states where english language . the leader of the states , where the leader is barack obama , is the president of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the demonym of people living in the states is americans and the language is the english language .
the leader of the united states is barack obama , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , the states where there are many african americans . the demonym of the united states is americans and the leader is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in gettysburg , pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . the monument is located at seminary ridge , united states .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and is cumberland county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku . the leader of azerbaijan , led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade .
the legislature of azerbaijan is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) , the capital of which is baku and the leader is artur rasizade . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the president of turkey .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore . the director of the institute , headed by dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is located in bangalore , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india , whose largest city is mumbai . the college was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 people .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , which is lead by kochi and is located in india . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school was established in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the aarhus , which has a magistrate type , is mols .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and duncan rouleau who is an americans . he is a character big hero 6 ( film ) , starring alan tudyk .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and is in the vicenza calcio club . the ground of the a . c . lumezzane is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . the ground of blackpool is located in blackpool , which is led by the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy and they played in serie d where s . s . robur siena have been champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language is the italian language .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . the athens ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) located in marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . italy is inhabited by italians and uses the italian language .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome . the official demonym of italy , where the official language is italian language , is italians .
the currency of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah , is jusuf kalla and the indonesian language is spoken . arem - arem is made nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java and comes from indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia where malaysian malay are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called malaysian malay . the capital of malaysia , whose capital is kuala lumpur , is the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang . malaysia includes the malaysian malay and malaysian indian .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and bacon , it also contains sausage . bacon originates from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is spoken and the english language is spoken . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is white americans .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup , it also contains the blt . the bacon , also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , comes from the united kingdom .
baked alaska is from hong kong and comes from france where the leader is manuel valls . france is written in the french language and is lead by gerard larcher .
bandeja paisa contains lemon and comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . lemon belongs to the family of rutaceae and the order of rosids .
barny cakes are made with sponge cake and come from france where the leader is gerard larcher . france is written in the french language and is lead by francois hollande .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations on the same dish which contains peanut sauce . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai ( which contains shiitake ) . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish that contains shiitake . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , vegetables and it also contains gram flour .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , which is led by vajubhai vala and is from india . the people of india are called indian people and the leader is t . s . thakur .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , india , where the leader is t . s . thakur . india is inhabited by indian people and its leader is sumitra mahajan .
bionico is a dessert found in the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of it are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the spanish language is spoken . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it is a dessert and can be varied by using honey .
arros negre originates from spain where the leaders are felipe vi of spain and spaniards . it is from the catalonia region where the leader is carles puigdemont .
the capital of italy is rome , the country where matteo renzi and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the demonym of italy is italians , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the capital of italy is rome , the country where pietro grasso and italian language spoken . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is matteo renzi .
ayam penyet is a nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore dish found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . an ingredient of it , which contains fried chicken , is chicken .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . singapore uses the english language and is lead by tony tan .
in the philippines they speak arabic and the zamboangans and philippine spanish . batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the chinese filipino ethnic group .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . in spain there is an spanish language spoken in spaniards .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of susana diaz , spain . the demonym of spain is spaniards and the leader is felipe vi of spain .
alan bean , retired , was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and frank borman . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz ( born on january 20th , 1930 ) is now retired .
alan shepard died in california where the spoken senators are dianne feinstein and benitoite . alan was a crew member on apollo 14 operated by nasa .
alan shepard was an united states who was born in new hampshire and died in california . alan was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . it is operated by enaire and is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . it is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level and its icao location identifier is viag .
the al asad airbase , with the icao location identifier of oraa , has a runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 . the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in iraq .
the al asad airbase , with the icao location identifier of oraa , has a runway name of 08 / 26 and a length of 3992 . 88 . the al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located at al anbar province , iraq .
the united states air force has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter . the al asad airbase is operated by the force who were involved in battles at the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the air has an attack aircraft called the lockheed ac - 130 and also known as the lockheed c - 130 hercules .
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 733 . the first runway at airport , which serves the city of alderney , is made of poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , is located in pakistan . the airport has the runway name 18l / 36r and a length of 3310 .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority , is located in punjab , pakistan . the airport , which has the runway name 18r / 36l , is 2900 long .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan with a runway length of 1533 . it is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway name of the airport , which is called 7 / 25 , is 1533 .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the length of the runway at the airport is 1 / 19 and it is 2744 meters long .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport , which serves the city of alpena , michigan , has a runway length of 1533 .
angola international airport , which is 159 metres above sea level , serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo . the airport , which has the runway name 05l / 23r , is 3800 long .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . it is written in the greek language and is lead by nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is alexis tsipras . it is written in the greek language and is lead by prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey which is part of new jersey in the united states . it serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey where don guardian is the leader .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the leader is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels and the leader is charles michel .
the atlantic city international airport , icao location identifier kacy , is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , new jersey . it is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york harrietstown , new york , united states . airport serves the city of lake placid , new york new york .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york . it is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is lead by ram naik . it is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi . iraq is written by arabic and fuad masum .
200 public square was completed in 1985 , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors covering a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , began construction in january , 2014 . it , with the postmodern architecture , is located in buffalo , new york .
chicago is part of illinois , whose capital is springfield , illinois and its leader is rahm emanuel . 300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the faroese language and is lead by margrethe ii of denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international and it is located in denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the key person at the marriott is bill marriott and it was founded in washington , d . c .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark . denmark is written in the greenlandic language and is lead by lars lokke rasmussen .
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury and also the palace of westminster . it is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny .
construction of addis ababa city hall , with a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area , began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 . the hall is 42 m high and its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori in akita , akita , japan . the museum has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese people in japan .
the alan b . miller hall , designed by robert a . m . stern , is owned by the college of william & mary and is located in virginia . the hall is located at the mason school of business , which is based in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india , which is lead by sumitra mahajan . it is located in gujarat , which is led by the gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka whose leader is austin fernando .
the ampara hospital is located in sri lanka whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , the eastern provincial council .
the julia morgan , designed by hearst castle , has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald - examiner building and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco .
julia morgan designed hearst castle , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach . the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia , who was born in san francisco .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . it is part of manhattan whose leader is cyrus vance , jr .
the governing body of birmingham , whose governing body is birmingham city council , is the b postcode area and the leader is john clancy ( labour politician ) . 103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts . the leader of the states , where the leader is president of the united states , is barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , categorized as a contributing property , was established in 2000 and is located at seminary ridge . the monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . the monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast , is frederick county , maryland and the west is franklin county , pennsylvania . the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is located in adams . the north of adams is cumberland county , pennsylvania .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known as turk sehitleri aniti was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in azerbaijan . the memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , categorised as a historic districts in the united states , is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the 14th is located in maryland , united states . the 14th was established on july 11th , 1907 .
alan bean was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas on march march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and is now retired . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california .
alan bean ( born on alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . the apollo commander was david scott and the backup pilot was alfred worden . alan retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . buzz was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa . buzz was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . the backup pilot of apollo is william anders .
buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the senators of california are the smilodon and the dianne feinstein and benitoite . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . alan died in california .
william anders , a united states national , was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . william retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . the apollo crew pilot was frank borman and the backup pilot was buzz aldrin . he is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in mendrisio , switzerland . the dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio , headed by mario botta , is 100 . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 in bangalore , india . the president of the institute in b . m . reddy is visvesvaraya technological university . the campus of the institute is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the religion of denmark is church of denmark , the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the school is located in denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the dean of the school is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the largest city in india , whose largest city is mumbai , is the ganges . the leader of it is kochi .
the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle , the capital of bucharest and the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has an academic staff size of 737 and has 16000 students . the leader of it is lars lokke rasmussen .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the turkish lira .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu , the capital of which is ankara and the leader is the president of turkey . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze was designed by pietro canonica . the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara . the leader of turkey , led by the president of turkey , is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul , is the turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland , whose leader is federal chancellor of switzerland . it , headed by mario botta , has 600 students . it was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 people .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . the president of the institute , headed by b . m . reddy , is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute was established at nurturing excellence and was established in 2000 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the west is the arabian sea . the institute was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as its sports body , the international tennis federation .
the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! , the prime minister of romania and klaus iohannis . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is the germans of romania . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the dean of the school , located in thomas pallesen , is 737 . the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark , led by monarchy of denmark , is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . the school has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis and is affiliated with the european university association . the school , headed by thomas pallesen , has 16000 students .
alan bean , now retired , was a test pilot and was a member of the apollo 12 crew . alan was an united states who graduated from ut austin , b . s . 1955 . alan was born on mar march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard ( born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire ) graduated from nwc , m . a . 1957 . he was a test pilot and is now deceased . alan was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan bean was a test pilot and crewed apollo 12 operated by nasa . the apollo commander was david scott and the backup pilot was alfred worden . alan was an united states who was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin , aka edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 , was selected by nasa in 1963 . buzz was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who served as a fighter pilot , was a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space . buzz was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz was an united states who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired . buzz has won 20 awards and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa , william anders . buzz , retired , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz was an united states who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
william anders was an united states who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . william , retired , retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the apollo 8 , operated by nasa , has frank borman as backup members and the backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders , a crew member of apollo , retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was an united states who was born in british hong kong .
william anders ( 8820 minutes in space ) was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 . william was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . william was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was awarded the ` ` battle of mine run ' ' .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was built on tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
the party of abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was built on may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was built on january 3rd , 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in the gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis was built in antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
construction of building airey neave was june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is abbreviated to lieutenant colonel .
the start year of airey neave is 1935 .
the party of albert b . white is republican party ( united states ) .
albert b . white is nicknamed agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is abbreviated to union army .
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire is nicknamed rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
construction of building alfred moore scales was march 4th , 1875 .
alfred moore scales was awarded the ` ` battle of chancellorsville ' ' .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut .
construction of building allan shivers was january 21st , 1947 .
allan shivers is abbreviated to united states army .
allan shivers is nicknamed price daniel .
construction of building alvah sabin was march 4th , 1853 .
the party of alvah sabin is whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of american civil war is robert e . lee .
the language spoken in austria is austrian german .
the commander of battle of antietam is robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
the commander of gulf war is colin powell .
the predecessor john f . kennedy is the predecessor dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
the predecessor juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor francisco franco .
the party of juan peron is labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
united states army was awarded the ` ` spanish - american war ' ' .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name for 1955 dodge is ` ` dodge coronet ' ' .
1955 dodge is nicknamed 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna was built on april 7th , 2005 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna was operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was built on march 16th , 2013 .
aidastella was completed in march 11th , 2013 .
aidastella is abbreviated to march 17th , 2013 .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the alternative name for amc matador is ` ` american motors matador ' ' .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is now sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is nicknamed straight - four engine .
acura tlx is nicknamed honda k engine .
acura tlx is nicknamed awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx was related to honda accord .
acura tlx is nicknamed 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 is nicknamed arese .
alfa romeo 164 was related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is nicknamed 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra is nicknamed samuda brothers .
alhambra is abbreviated to 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is now wrecked .
alhambra is abbreviated to 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 is nicknamed straight - six engine .
the start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
american submarine nr - 1 is abbreviated to 4 . 6 m .
the flight flight about antares ( rocket ) is october 28th , 2014 .
antares ( rocket ) is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 is abbreviated to guiana space centre .
the flight flight about ariane 5 is august 11th , 2005 .
the body of aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin v8 is nicknamed aston martin .
aston martin virage is nicknamed aston martin .
the flight flight about atlas ii is march 16th , 1998 .
atlas ii is abbreviated to vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 is nicknamed audi brussels .
audi a1 was related to seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom was related to chrysler newport .
fiat croma was related to alfa romeo 164 .
the people of germany are called germans .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of guiana space centre are in kourou , french guiana .
honda k engine is nicknamed honda .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
one of the ethnic groups of the united states is the native americans in the united states .
the chairman of a . c . milan is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay olympic football team club .
abel hernandez is at the uruguay national football team club .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the iraq national football team club .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was commanded by atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club .
al - khor sports club is in the league , qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
the position of al kharaitiyat sc is qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the sanat mes kerman f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 19 football team club .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is at the florida panthers club .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is in the league , national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc samtredia club .
aleksandre guruli is at the georgia national under - 21 football team club .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma club .
alessio romagnoli was awarded the a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus is in the league , turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is in the city of atlanta .
the manager of boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in hungary .
the language spoken in canada is the english language .
the language spoken in canada is slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language spoken in finland is finnish language .
italy national under - 16 football team is nicknamed daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is nicknamed zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is located in fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is in the city of st . louis .
tennessee titans is in the city of nashville , tennessee .
the active of aaron bertram is 1998 .
the associated of aaron deer is the horns of happiness .
aaron deer is abbreviated to kill rock stars .
aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is in the genre of progressive metal .
abradab is nicknamed solo singer .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is in the genre of hip hop music .
agustin barboza is in the genre of guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is in the genre of rock music .
the associated of albennie jones is sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is nicknamed solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop .
the associated of alfredo zitarrosa is hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is abbreviated to rca records .
the active of alison o ' donnell are 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell is nicknamed voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 4th , 1981 .
allen forrest is in the genre of pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
the associated of anders osborne is johnny sansone .
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is abbreviated to alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
the active of andrew rayel is 2009 .
the associated of andrew rayel is christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
the associated of andrew white ( musician ) is marry banilow .
andrew white ( musician ) is abbreviated to b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns is nicknamed guitar .
hip hop music is abbreviated to gangsta rap .
the origin of hip hop music are funk .
the origin of indie rock are new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
the company of rca records is sony music entertainment .
the origin of rock and roll are blues .
the origin of synthpop are pop music .
the demonym of natives of the united kingdom is british people .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
( 29075 ) 1950 da is nicknamed carl a . wirtanen .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is abbreviated to 22 . 1 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is nicknamed 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is nicknamed 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is nicknamed november 4th , 2013 .
1000 piazzia is abbreviated to 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the former name for 1001 gaussia is ` ` 1923 oaa907 xc ' ' .
1001 gaussia is governed by 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
101 helena is nicknamed 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 .
101 helena is nicknamed 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
1036 ganymed is abbreviated to 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
103 hera is abbreviated to 7 . 66 .
103 hera is nicknamed 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
107 camilla is abbreviated to 7 . 08 .
107 camilla is nicknamed a . storrs .
the former name for 1089 tama is ` ` a894 va ; a904 vd ; ' ' .
1089 tama is abbreviated to 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1097 vicia is abbreviated to 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1097 vicia is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 .
1097 vicia is abbreviated to 95040 .
109 felicitas is nicknamed christian heinrich friedrich peters .
109 felicitas is nicknamed 283326000000 .
10 hygiea is abbreviated to 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1101 clematis is nicknamed 445895000000 .
110 lydia is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone should be served 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed abdul rahman ya ' kub , which is northwest of stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was born in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar has an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and is located in al - amin daggash .
construction of abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , began in may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , was built on mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was built on united states army , which was previously won by the korean war .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was an gravesend who was born in kent .
adam koc won virtuti militari and was involved by world war i .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was athens .
adonis georgiadis has an office of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in greece .
agnes kant has an office of parliamentary group leader and was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , has won military cross .
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was awarded the battle of france , the commander of which is hugo sperrle .
airey neave was an world war ii who was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
albert b . white died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert b . white was designed by politician and was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
the albert jennings fountain , built on edmund j . davis , died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain party of republican party ( united states ) was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in austria .
alfred moore scales has an office of governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid ( politician ) .
alfred moore scales was founded by daniel gould fowle , an alma mater of princeton university .
alfred n . phillips has an office of united states house of representatives and was born in connecticut .
united states army is the military [ ent_alfred_n_dot__phillips_ent [ ent_american_civil_war_ent .
allan shivers was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and is located in ben ramsey .
alvah sabin has an office of secretary of state of vermont and was born on october 23rd , 1793 .
agnes kant is in netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is located in netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and is attached to the club wichita thunder .
abel hernandez is at the penarol club whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club and is attached to the club penarol .
adam maher is at the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher is at the psv eindhoven club and is attached to the club netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad is at the steel azin f . c . club and is attached to the club al shorta sc .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club whose manager is thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national football team club and is attached to the club t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers , aka new england patriots , was built on 39 .
akeem ayers , aka tennessee titans , was built on 39 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 .
akeem priestley is at the connecticut huskies club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley is at the rops club and is attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - khor sports club club whose ground is located at al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club whose manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club whose ground is located at new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . ( born on september 2nd , 1995 ) plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and is attached to the club florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov was at the fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league league .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 in manitoba .
alex tyus ( born on january 8th , 1988 ) plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where conservative party of canada is the leader .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language is spoken .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc dinamo batumi club whose manager is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club whose ground is located at otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley was at the rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club whose ground is located at palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , which was designed by guitar , is in psychedelia .
the origin of aaron deer , which was designed by the united states , is indiana .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , is located in electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , which was designed by singing , is in avant - garde metal .
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice in poland .
ace wilder is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are disco .
the ace wilder , or warner music group , was designed by solo singer .
agustin barboza was built in philips records and was born in paraguay .
alan frew is in rock music which is governed by bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew is in rock music whose stylistic origin are country music .
albennie jones is in jazz whose stylistic origin are blues .
aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , is in pop music .
aleksandra kovac is in rhythm and blues whose stylistic origin are blues .
the aleksandra kovac , built in 1990 , is in soul music .
alex day is in synthpop whose stylistic origin are new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was designed by solo singer , is in zamba ( artform ) .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with plastik mak , was built on bajik .
alison o ' donnell is abbreviated to floating world records and is part of the genre of folk rock .
alison o ' donnell , which was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , is in jazz .
allen forrest , which was designed by solo singer , is in hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock which is governed by christian alternative rock .
the anders osborne , with an associated with phil lesh and friends , was built on tab benoit .
anders osborne is abbreviated to rabadash records and is part of the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is abbreviated to shanachie records and is part of the genre of rhythm and blues .
the andra ( singer ) , built in 2000 , is in pop music .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues whose stylistic origin are blues .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on jonathan mendelsohn .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jonathan mendelsohn , was built on mark sixma .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on armin van buuren .
andrew white ( musician ) is in alternative rock whose stylistic origin are new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music , which was founded by banjo .
polydor records is located within the [ ent_london_ent . andrew white ( musician ) was built in [ ent_polydor_records_ent .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , or 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was designed by 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) , is a 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was designed by 88234300000 , was designed by spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was designed by july 14th , 2004 , was built in 16244700 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was designed by july 14th , 2004 , was built in 9953 . 28 .
101 helena was designed by james craig watson who died in peritonitis .
the 1036 ganymed , or 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , a germany national .
103 hera was designed by james craig watson who died in peritonitis .
103 hera is nicknamed james craig watson , a canada national .
107 camilla is nicknamed n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was also known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama , 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 279142000000 .
109 felicitas , which was designed by 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is a 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 283326000000 .
the 109 felicitas , or 47487 . 6 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 .
10 hygiea , which was designed by 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , is a 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
10 hygiea , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was also known as a900 ga .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 142603000 .
the class of a - rosa luna is cruise ship and it ' s length is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
a - rosa luna was built in [ ent_2004_dash_01_dash_22_ent . the a - rosa luna has a length of [ ent_125800_dot_0__lp_millimetres_rp__ent .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises in germany .
aidaluna was operated by aida cruises in rostock .
aidaluna was built in [ ent_40_dot_744_ent . she has a length of [ ent_252000_dot_0__lp_millimetres_rp__ent .
the aidastella , built on march 16th , 2013 , was developed by the length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by montreal locomotive works , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 , which was designed by 1 . 524 ( metres ) , was built in 2 .
amc matador , which was designed by kenosha , wisconsin , was built in 1974 .
the designer of amc matador , designed by richard a . teague , was chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is a 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) dish found in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by milan , related to saab 9000 .
alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was designed by italy .
alfa romeo 164 , related to lancia thema , was designed by italy .
alvis speed 25 is nicknamed alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , was designed by 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , was designed by straight - six engine .
amc matador is nicknamed american motors , which was founded by eagle ( automobile ) .
antares ( rocket ) was built in [ ent_2014_dash_01_dash_09_ent . it was built in [ ent_mid_dash_atlantic_regional_spaceport_ent .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is located in argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the ariane 5 , or ela - 3 , was designed by airbus defence and space .
ariane 5 is nicknamed airbus defence and space whose parent company is airbus group .
aston martin v8 , designed by the united kingdom , related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , which was designed by aston martin , was designed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
the atlas ii , or march 16th , 1998 , was designed by 3 . 04 m .
the atlas ii , or cape canaveral air force station , was designed by lockheed martin .
audi a1 is nicknamed audi which belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
audi a1 was edited by audi , the subsidiary of which is ducati .
audi a1 was edited by audi , the subsidiary of which is quattro gmbh .
the type of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . where the key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
delta ii was built in [ ent_vandenberg_air_force_base_ent . antares ( rocket ) is the comparable [ ent_delta_ii_ent .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is nicknamed finland whose leader is juha sipila .
american submarine nr - 1 is nicknamed general dynamics electric boat whose parent company is general dynamics .
a - rosa luna is governed by mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
aston martin v8 was designed by the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was born in battle of fredericksburg in maine .
ab klink , party of christian democratic appeal , was born in netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam .
abdul taib mahmud , nicknamed abdul rahman ya ' kub , was born in stephen yong kuet tze in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak and party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , with an office of chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) , was born in niger state and graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
olusegun obasanjo was built in the [ ent_atiku_abubakar_ent . abdulsalami abubakar was built in [ ent_nigerian_air_force_ent .
olusegun obasanjo was built in the [ ent_atiku_abubakar_ent . abdulsalami abubakar was built in [ ent_nigerian_army_ent .
abel caballero ( born in ponteareas ) was built in member of the congress of deputies and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero was born in spain in spanish socialist workers ' party , galicia ( spain ) .
the commander of world war ii was [ ent_joseph_stalin_ent . ` ` united states army ' ' is the military [ ent_abner_w_dot__sibal_ent .
abner w . sibal has an office of member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and was party of republican party ( united states ) in ridgewood , queens .
the commander of gulf war was [ ent_george_h_dot__w_dot__bush_ent . ` ` grenadier guards ' ' is the military [ ent_adam_holloway_ent .
adam holloway , party of the conservative party ( uk ) , was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc , polish - soviet war , was born in leon trotsky in congress poland .
adam koc was an polish - soviet war novel which was part of russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis ( born in greece ) was built in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally and was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis ( born in greece ) was built in minister for health and was born in athens .
the adonis georgiadis , built on antonis samaras , in new democracy ( greece ) , is classed as a blue .
agnes kant has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is a netherlands , led by mark rutte .
agnes kant , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant , with an office of member of the house of representatives , was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen .
construction of airey neave began on june 30th , 1953 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii .
construction of airey neave began on march 4th , 1974 began in march 30th , 1979 and was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white died in 1941 retired on july 3rd , 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert b . white , designed by william m . o . dawson , was designed by agnes ward white born in marietta , ohio .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the united states where the african americans are an died .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states in staten island .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the governing body is buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire , which was designed by rear admiral , was designed by isaac rojas in mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in graz in austria .
alfred n . phillips , with albert e . austin , was built in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips , with albert e . austin , was built in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers has an office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and its party are the democratic party ( united states ) and wilfred r . cousins , jr . .
the alvah sabin , built on march 3rd , 1857 , is found in vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin ( born on october 23rd , 1793 ) was party of whig party ( united states ) and is led by henry clay .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) is lead by daniel webster and was born in georgia , vermont .
albert jennings fountain , american civil war , was born in abraham lincoln in the united states .
alfred moore scales was an battle of fredericksburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria and died in austria where doris bures died .
aaron s . daggett was an battle of salem church novel which was part of american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee .
ab klink is an netherlands who was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
the nationality of adam koc is poland , where the language spoken is polish language and kashubians is one of the ethnic groups .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , or 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , or 39447000 , was designed by 88234300000 and spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which is governed by - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an density [ ent_162164091_dot_8388__lp_kilometres_rp__ent [ ent_2_dot_0__lp_grampercubiccentimetres_rp__ent . the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an average speed [ ent_37_dot_16__lp_kilometreperseconds_rp__ent .
the 1000 piazzia , or 488160 , was designed by 352497000000 and june 27th , 2015 .
1001 gaussia , nicknamed june 27th , 2015 , was designed by 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) and 1923 oaa907 xc .
` ` 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) ' ' is the mass [ ent_0_dot_0348__lp_kilometreperseconds_rp__ent . 101 helena is the apoapsis [ ent_441092000_dot_0__lp_kilometres_rp__ent .
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , germany , graduated from university of gottingen .
103 hera ( august 27th , 2011 ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was edited by james craig watson who died in peritonitis and died in madison , wisconsin .
` ` august 27th , 2011 ' ' is the epoch [ ent_1622_dot_213__lp_days_rp__ent . 103 hera is the apoapsis [ ent_437170000_dot_0__lp_kilometres_rp__ent .
103 hera is the [ ent_170_dot_0__lp_kelvins_rp__ent [ ent_0_dot_0482__lp_kilometreperseconds_rp__ent . it is the apoapsis [ ent_437170000_dot_0__lp_kilometres_rp__ent .
107 camilla was designed by n . r . pogson , england , born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was created by november 26th , 2005 and 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was also known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was designed by 288749000000 and 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , nicknamed december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 279142000000 and 1928 pc .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) and 139705000 .
` ` december 31st , 2006 ' ' is the epoch [ ent_139705000_dot_0_ent . 109 felicitas is the apoapsis [ ent_523329000_dot_0__lp_kilometres_rp__ent .
` ` 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) ' ' is the apoapsis [ ent_16_dot_76__lp_kilometreperseconds_rp__ent . 10 hygiea was built in [ ent_5_dot_57__lp_days_rp__ent .
the average area of 10 hygiea , which has the average area of 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) and 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
10 hygiea , which has a surface of 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) , was designed by 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and is served 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) and 377016000000 .
110 lydia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 377016000000 and 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the aaron bertram , with an associated with kids imagine nation , was broadcast by the associated with associated with suburban legends with the genre of pop music .
aaron deer , nicknamed indiana , was designed by the united states and is based in indie rock .
the origin of aaron deer , which was designed by the united states , is indiana and psychedelia .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on greymachine and is located in black metal .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on greymachine and is located in drone music .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on mamiffer and is located in ambient music .
aaron turner , which is the genre of black metal , is governed by death metal and electric guitar .
aaron turner , which is the genre of black metal , is governed by death metal and singing .
the abradab with the associated magik ( rapper ) was built on kaliber 44 and was born on november 12th , 1978 .
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 and is the origin of katowice .
ace wilder is the genre of the [ ent_hip_hop_music_ent . the architecture origin of hip hop music are [ ent_funk_ent . the architecture origin of music are [ ent_disco_ent .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is lead by juan afara in asuncion .
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , was designed by singing and is based in rock music .
alan frew is the genre of the [ ent_rock_music_ent . the architecture origin of rock music are [ ent_country_music_ent . rock was built on the [ ent_bhangra__lp_music_rp__ent .
albennie jones is the genre of the [ ent_jazz_ent . the architecture origin of jazz are [ ent_blues_ent . jazz was built on the [ ent_afrobeat_ent .
albennie jones , rhythm and blues , was born in disco in errata , mississippi .
the aleksandra kovac , with an associated with bebi dol , was built on k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and is located in pop music .
the aleksandra kovac , with an associated with bebi dol , was built on kornelije kovac and is located in pop music .
the aleksandra kovac , with an associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , was built on kristina kovac and is located in rhythm and blues .
alex day is the genre of the [ ent_synthpop_ent . the architecture origin of synthpop are [ ent_pop_music_ent . the architecture origin of the synthpop are [ ent_disco_ent .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup in manchester .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom who was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom who was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and died in london where the leader is boris johnson .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with flibbertigibbet , was built on mellow candle and is located in folk music of ireland .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with mellow candle , was built on flibbertigibbet and is located in folk music .
alison o ' donnell , which is the genre of jazz , was designed by funk and voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
jazz is the derivative [ ent_funk_ent . ` ` static caravan recordings ' ' is the record [ ent_alison_o_apos_donnell_ent .
allen forrest , pop music , was born in solo singer in dothan , alabama .
allen forrest , rhythm and blues , was born in solo singer in dothan , alabama .
alternative rock was built on the [ ent_nu_metal_ent . andrew white ( musician ) is the genre of the [ ent_alternative_rock_ent . the architecture origin of rock are [ ent_new_wave_music_ent .
the anders osborne , with an associated with billy iuso with an associated with tab benoit , was built on kirk joseph .
rock music was built on the [ ent_bhangra__lp_music_rp__ent . ` ` rabadash records ' ' is the record [ ent_anders_osborne_ent .
the andra ( singer ) , with an associated with puya ( singer ) , was built on crbl and is located in dance - pop .
the andra ( singer ) , with an associated with andreea balan , was built on marius moga and is located in rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) , which is the genre of rhythm and blues , was designed by disco and solo singer .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on jonathan mendelsohn and is located in trance music .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jonathan mendelsohn , was built on bobina and is located in trance music .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was broadcast by the associated with associated with christian burns with the genre of house music .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with marry banilow , was built on kaiser chiefs and is known as universal records ( defunct record label ) .
the architecture origin of ska punk are [ ent_ska_ent . the aaron bertram was built on ` ` [ ent_suburban_legends_ent ' ' .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
1955 dodge , nicknamed v8 engine , was designed by 3 - speed automatic and is also known as dodge coronet .
` ` 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) ' ' is the length of the first [ ent_cruise_ship_ent . a - rosa luna was built in [ ent_2004_dash_01_dash_22_ent .
the a - rosa luna ( 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) ) has an length of 24 and is categorized as a 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises , germany , and is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella , who was built on march 16th , 2013 and spent march 17th , 2013 , was developed by the length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , was designed by four - stroke engine and has the length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , was designed by v12 engine and has the length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 ( 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) ) was designed by american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is in the united states where the people are called americans and african americans .
alv x - 1 is in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
alv x - 1 has a total [ ent_1_dot_524__lp_metres_rp__ent of the [ ent_1_ent . it was built in [ ent_2_ent .
the body of abarth 1000 gt coupe , built in 1958 and has the body of coupe , is straight - four engine .
abarth 1000 gt coupe , nicknamed 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was designed by 1 . 55 and its body is two door coupe .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , or 21 . 2 , was designed by helsinki and arctech helsinki shipyard .
alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was designed by italy whose capital is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , related to lancia thema , was designed by italy whose capital is rome .
alfa romeo 164 is related to the [ ent_arese_ent [ ent_fiat_croma_ent . it related to the transportation [ ent_lancia_thema_ent .
alfa romeo 164 is related to the [ ent_milan_ent [ ent_fiat_croma_ent . it related to the transportation [ ent_saab_9000_ent .
` ` 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) ' ' is the ship [ ent_8_dot_3_m_ent . alhambra was built in [ ent_1855_dash_05_dash_31_ent .
alhambra is the [ ent_wrecked_ent [ ent_8_dot_3_m_ent . it was built in [ ent_1855_dash_05_dash_31_ent .
alvis speed 25 , nicknamed petrol , was designed by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , is a subsidiary of eagle ( automobile ) and roy d . chapin , jr . .
antares ( rocket ) , nicknamed yuzhnoye design office , was designed by delta ii from the united states .
` ` yuzhnoye design office ' ' is the manufacturer [ ent_mid_dash_atlantic_regional_spaceport_launch_pad_0_ent . antares ( rocket ) is the function [ ent_medium_expendable_launch_system_ent .
the ela - 3 ` ` [ ent_guiana_space_centre_ent ' ' is the launch [ ent_ariane_5_ent . ariane 5 is the manufacturer [ ent_arianespace_ent .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom and 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
aston martin v8 is related to the [ ent_5_dot_3__lp_litres_rp__ent [ ent_aston_martin_dbs_ent . v8 is the assembly [ ent_united_kingdom_ent .
for the united states is the [ ent_vandenberg_air_force_base_ent . atlas ii was built in [ ent_cape_canaveral_air_force_station_ent .
atlas ii is in the united states where the leader is president of the united states native americans in the united states ethnic group .
for the united states is the [ ent_cape_canaveral_air_force_station_ent . atlas ii was built in [ ent_spaceport_florida_launch_complex_36_ent .
audi a1 , nicknamed 1 . 2 ( litres ) , was designed by audi brussels and its body is hatchback .
audi a1 is related to the [ ent_audi_ent [ ent_seat_ibiza_ent . it related to the transportation [ ent_volkswagen_polo_ent .
aidaluna , which is governed by caterpillar inc . , was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
aidaluna , which is governed by caterpillar inc . , is located in illinois , aida cruises .
aidastella , operated by aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is located in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is nicknamed delta ii , which is governed by vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and is based in the united states .
the ela - 3 ` ` [ ent_guiana_space_centre_ent ' ' is the launch [ ent_ariane_5_ent . the headquarters of guiana space centre are in [ ent_french_guiana_ent .
the ela - 3 ` ` [ ent_guiana_space_centre_ent ' ' is the launch [ ent_ariane_5_ent . guiana space centre is located within the [ ent_kourou_comma__french_guiana_ent .
a - rosa luna , which was designed by neptun werft , is located in germany , rostock .
atlas ii is in the united states where the people are called americans and african americans .
aaron hunt was created by goslarer sc 08 and vfl wolfsburg , and has represented the club sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt is at the vfl wolfsburg club , manages dieter hecking and is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , and has represented the club u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo , and has represented the club penarol .
adam maher ( born in netherlands ) plays for psv eindhoven and is in the az alkmaar .
akeem adams is at the united petrotrin f . c . club and is attached to the club w connection f . c . . united ' s ground is located in palo seco .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team los angeles rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
the former team akeem ayers , with the former team st . louis rams , was built on 2 and is known as 39 .
akeem dent was built on atlanta falcons and was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for both shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club shabab al - ordon club . the sc ' s ground is located in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and is attached to the club clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the motherwell f . c . club and is attached to the club accrington stanley f . c . . stanley ' s ground is located in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 2nd , 1995 and is part of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was built on florida panthers and was born on september 2nd , 1995 in tampere , finland .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for fc kuban krasnodar and is attached to the club fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) plays for russia national football b team and is attached to the club fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is at the olympique lyonnais club and plays for azal pfk . it ' s ground is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli is at the olympique lyonnais club and is attached to the club us lesquin . the olympique lyonnais ' s ground is located in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is at the a . c . milan club , manages sinisa mihajlovic and is attached to the club italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli is at the a . c . milan club , manages sinisa mihajlovic and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is at the italy national under - 16 football team club and plays for a . s . roma . italy is nicknamed daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for both italy national under - 17 football team and u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 1 . 9304 and is the club anyang halla .
alex plante is classed as a 1 . 9304 and was born in canada , anyang halla .
alex tyus is in the maccabi ashdod b . c . club , zvi sherf , and is in euroleague .
alex tyus is in the maccabi ashdod b . c . club , zvi sherf , and is in turkish basketball super league .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc tom tomsk club and is attached to the club fc spartak moscow . spartak ' s ground is located in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov was awarded the fc spartak moscow , its ground is located in otkrytiye arena . he is at the fc anzhi makhachkala club .
aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov and 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
abel hernandez is at the hull city a . f . c . club , manages steve bruce and is attached to the club uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia and was born in moscow where the leader is sergey sobyanin .
abner ( footballer ) is at the real madrid castilla club , manages luis miguel ramis and is attached to the club brazil national under - 20 football team .
abner ( footballer ) is at the real madrid castilla club , manages luis miguel ramis and is attached to the club c . d . fas .
alex tyus was born in st . louis which is part of greater st . louis and is led by francis g . slay .
the akeem ayers , with the former team new england patriots , was built on tennessee titans in the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is at the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team club and is attached to the club united petrotrin f . c . . united ' s ground is located in palo seco .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club and is attached to the club sv werder bremen ii . sv , ( managed by alexander nouri ) , play in the 3 . liga league .
abel hernandez , who was created by central espanol and hull city a . f . c . , has been managed by steve bruce and penarol .
the manager of abel hernandez is penarol , they are managed by jorge orosman da silva and previously played for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was created by penarol and u . s . citta di palermo . the manager of palermo is giuseppe iachini and they play in serie a .
adam mcquaid is nicknamed 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and was born in prince edward island . adam was born in 1986 on october 12th , 1986 .
adam mcquaid is abbreviated to columbus blue jackets which is located in columbus , ohio . adam is at the boston bruins club whose general manager is don sweeney .
akeem ayers was commanded by st . louis rams and was born on july 10th , 1989 . he was built in tennessee titans and was born in 1989 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 on september 27th , 1987 . he has the former team houston texans and was born in atlanta , georgia .
akeem dent was built on atlanta falcons and was born on september 27th , 1987 . he has the former team houston texans and was born in atlanta , georgia .
the manager of al kharaitiyat sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor . alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - zawra ' a sc club and is attached to the club al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club iraq national under - 23 football team . the manager of the sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al kharaitiyat sc club and is attached to the club shabab al - ordon club . the manager of the sc , who are the manager of amar osim , is al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the hamilton academical f . c . club and is attached to the club crewe alexandra f . c . . alan is classed as a 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and was born on january 1st , 1989 .
alan martin ( footballer ) is at the scotland national under - 21 football team club and is attached to the club crewe alexandra f . c . . alan is classed as a 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and was born on january 1st , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is classed as a 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born on february 24th , 1989 . he is at the fc kuban krasnodar club and is attached to the club fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc spartak moscow club and is attached to the club fc rubin kazan . aleksandr is classed as a 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc zestafoni . he is classed as a 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) and was born in batumi .
alex plante was born in 1989 and is attached to the club anyang halla . alex was born on may 9th , 1989 in canada .
alex plante was born in 1989 and is attached to the club anyang halla . he is classed as a 1 . 9304 and was born in canada .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is inuktitut . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is asian canadians . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the anthem of canada , inhabited by o canada , is slavey language . aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader .
the manager of fc terek grozny , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny . aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc club and is attached to the club fc kuban krasnodar .
fc torpedo moscow , whose chairman is aleksandr tukmanov , competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov is at the torpedo club whose manager is valery petrakov .
the akeem dent , atlanta falcons , has the former team houston texans and is located in texas . houston is in the city of houston .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol in the uruguayan primera division league . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club whose manager is steve bruce .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 8788850000 . ) , which was designed by 6155910000000 , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 360 . 29 ( days ) . the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , or 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) . the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was built in 360 . 29 ( days ) .
1000 piazzia , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was built in 488160 . 1000 , which was designed by 352497000000 , was built in 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1001 gaussia , which was designed by sergey belyavsky , was designed by june 27th , 2015 . it , which was designed by 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) , was also known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in german empire . the walter baade , with the doctoral student allan sandage , graduated from university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed is nicknamed walter baade , who was born in preussisch oldendorf . the walter baade , with the doctoral student halton arp , graduated from university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed was designed by walter baade who died in west germany . the walter baade , with the doctoral student halton arp , graduated from university of gottingen .
103 hera was founded by james craig watson , an alma mater of university of michigan . james , who died on peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera , which was designed by james craig watson , was designed by 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . james , canada , died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera is nicknamed james craig watson , a canada national . james , who died on peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla , which was designed by n . r . pogson , was designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . he was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
107 camilla , which was designed by n . r . pogson , was designed by march 1st , 2001 . he was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
1089 tama , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was also known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; . the 1089 tama , or 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was designed by 288749000000 .
1089 tama , with the escape escape , was built in 1202 . 846 ( days ) . it , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) . the 1097 vicia , or 135589000 , was designed by 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
109 felicitas , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 139705000 . 109 , which was designed by 283326000000 , was built in 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was also known as a900 ga . the 10 , or 5 . 57 ( days ) , was designed by 416136000000 .
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was built in 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was also known as 1928 sj . the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 445895000000 .
1101 clematis , with the escape escape , was built in 183309000 . it , which was designed by 445895000000 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 .
1955 dodge , which was designed by v8 engine , was designed by dodge . dodge , which was designed by 3 - speed automatic , was designed by 120 . 0 ( inches ) .
1955 dodge was related to desoto custom related to chrysler newport . custom , which was designed by desoto firedome , was designed by desoto ( automobile ) .
aidastella was operated by aida cruises in rostock . she , which was designed by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella , with a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was operated by aida cruises . she , which was designed by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . it , which was designed by v12 engine , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , is a 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by v12 engine , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 .
the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , is a 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . company in the united states was founded in schenectady , new york .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by montreal locomotive works , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . it , which was designed by v12 engine , was founded in diesel - electric transmission .
alco rs - 3 , nicknamed montreal locomotive works , has 12 floors . it , who was built on may 1950 - august 1956 , was designed by four - stroke engine .
the alternative name for amc matador , which was created by mexico city , is american motors matador . the body of the amc , which has the body of station wagon , is amc v8 engine .
the alternative name for amc matador , which was created by kenosha , wisconsin , is vam classic . the amc , which was designed by amc straight - 6 engine , is in mid - size car .
acura tlx , which was designed by marysville , ohio , is in mid - size car . the acura tlx , which was designed by front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive , was designed by honda k engine .
acura tlx , which was designed by marysville auto plant , was designed by v6 engine . the acura tlx , which was designed by front - engine design , is in luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by finland , was built in 21 . 2 . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard , is now in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by finland , was designed by helsinki . the demonym of finland , inhabited by finns , is juha sipila .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , 21 . 2 , is now in service . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by helsinki , was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard .
alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by italy , related to saab 9000 . 164 , which was designed by straight - four engine , related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was designed by italy . 164 , related to saab 9000 , was designed by v6 engine .
the alhambra , ship , has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) . alhambra , may 31st , 1855 , is now wrecked .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by alvis car and engineering company , was designed by petrol . it , which was designed by rover company , was founded in coventry .
alvis speed 25 , which was designed by alvis car and engineering company , was designed by straight - six engine . company , which was designed by rover company , was founded in coventry .
amc matador is nicknamed american motors , which was founded by eagle ( automobile ) . it , which was designed by chrysler , uses the key person roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 , with the ship ship , was built in january 25th , 1969 . the submarine , or 8 . 334 , was designed by general dynamics electric boat .
american submarine nr - 1 , with the ship ship , was built in 8 . 334 . 1 , which is classed as a 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on 3 . 8 m .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in october 28th , 2014 . rocket , with the maiden maiden , was built in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in april 21st , 2013 . rocket , with the launch launch , was built in september 18th , 2013 .
aston martin v8 was designed by the united kingdom whose capital is london . it is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) . v8 , designed by the united kingdom , related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) . v8 is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
atlas ii , which was designed by 3 . 04 m , was built in december 5th , 2002 . atlas , with the launch launch , was built in cape canaveral air force station .
audi a1 , which was designed by 1 . 2 ( litres ) , is in supermini . a1 , which was designed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout , was designed by audi brussels .
audi a1 was founded by audi which was founded by august horch . audi , which was designed by ducati , belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . , founded in california , is located in illinois . aidaluna , which is governed by the caterpillar inc . , is owned by aida cruises .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa . she , which was designed by meyer werft , was operated by aida cruises .
delta ii was built on cape canaveral air force station and is part of the united states . antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by delta , was built in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
delta ii , with the launch launch , was built in cape canaveral air force station . antares ( rocket ) is nicknamed delta , which is part of the united states .
alfa romeo 164 was related to fiat croma related to opel vectra . 164 , which was designed by italy , has the body of sedan ( automobile ) .
alfa romeo 164 was related to fiat croma related to opel vectra . the body of the 164 , which was authored by milan , is sedan ( automobile ) .
general dynamics electric boat , which is located in groton , connecticut , has a parent company of general dynamics . the american submarine nr - 1 , or 3 . 8 m , was designed by it .
rostock is located in germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich . a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft which is located in it .
the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans . atlas ii is in the states where the english language is spoken .
atlas ii is in the united states where the americans live . the capital of the states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , is the african americans .
the aaron bertram has an associated with the [ ent_kids_imagine_nation_ent , it ' s associated with the associated [ ent_ska_punk_ent . suburban legends is the band [ ent_brian_robertson__lp_trombonist_rp__ent .
aaron deer , which was designed by solo singer , is in psychedelia . the origin of deer , which was created by indianapolis , is indiana .
the aaron turner , with an associated with isis ( band ) , was built on sumac ( band ) . the turner , which was designed by singing , is in electroacoustic music .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on old man gloom . the turner , built in 1995 , is in post - metal .
aaron turner is in black metal which is governed by death metal . the aaron turner , with an associated with sumac ( band ) , was designed by electric guitar .
ace wilder is nicknamed solo singer and was born in stockholm . ace was born in 1982 on july 23rd , 1982 .
ace wilder is nicknamed solo singer and was born in sweden . ace was born in 1982 on july 23rd , 1982 .
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was songwriter . ace was born in 1982 in stockholm .
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was songwriter . ace was born in 1982 in sweden .
ahmet ertegun , which was designed by washington , d . c . , is part of rhythm and blues . ahmet ertegun , which was designed by non performing personnel , was designed by the united states .
ahmet ertegun is in rock and roll whose stylistic origin are blues . the origin of the ahmet ertegun are the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the albennie jones , built in 1950 , is in rhythm and blues . the blues , or blues , was designed by disco .
albennie jones , jazz , was born in blues in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 and is a pop music . she is nicknamed solo singer and was born in belgrade .
aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , is in rhythm and blues . she was born in 1972 in socialist republic of serbia .
the alex day , with an associated with chameleon circuit ( band ) , is located in acoustic music . the alex day , with an associated with charlie mcdonnell , was built in 2006 .
the alex day , with an associated with chameleon circuit ( band ) , is located in electronic music . the day , with an associated with charlie mcdonnell , was built in 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . alfred was born in 1872 in manchester .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) . montevideo is located in uruguay where the inhabitants are called uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa was built in rca records and was born in uruguay . alfredo , which was designed by solo singer , is in candombe .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with bajik , was built on flibbertigibbet . the alison o ' donnell , built in 1963 , is in folk music .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with mellow candle , was built on head south by weaving . the alison o ' donnell , built in 1963 , is in folk music .
the deram records ` ` [ ent_floating_world_records_ent ' ' is the location [ ent_london_ent . alison o ' donnell is the genre of the [ ent_jazz_ent .
the deram records ` ` [ ent_fruits_de_mer_records_ent ' ' is the location [ ent_london_ent . alison o ' donnell is the genre of the [ ent_jazz_ent .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a acoustic music . allen is nicknamed solo singer and was born in fort campbell .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip hop music . allen is nicknamed solo singer and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al .
alternative rock , nu metal , has the stylistic as its stylistic . the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with marry banilow , is located in the rock .
the anders osborne , with an associated with billy iuso , was built on tab benoit . the osborne , with an associated with galactic , is located in rock music .
alligator records is in the [ ent_blues_ent [ ent_chicago_ent . anders osborne was built in [ ent_shanachie_records_ent .
andra ( singer ) is classed as a dance - pop and was singing . she is nicknamed solo singer and was born in romania .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues , which was founded by funk . the rhythm , or blues , was designed by disco .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on jonathan mendelsohn . the andrew rayel , built in 2009 , is in trance music .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on christian burns . he is in trance music whose stylistic origin are house music .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on marry banilow . the white , built in 2003 , is in alternative rock .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on marry banilow . white , with universal records ( defunct record label ) , was built in 2003 .
agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion . agustin died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in country music , which was founded by banjo . the band , with an associated with nrbq , was built on the wildweeds .
allen forrest is in hip hop music whose stylistic origin are disco . the music , or funk , was designed by drum and bass .
manchester , greater manchester , is led by the labour party ( uk ) . alfred garth jones was born in england in manchester .
aaron turner is in post - metal , which was founded by cello . the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on house of low culture .
twilight ( band ) is in black metal which is governed by death metal . the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight , was designed by electric guitar .
albennie jones , rhythm and blues , was born in blues in the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by american civil war . aaron was born in maine and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of the wilderness . aaron was born in maine and died in west roxbury .
ab klink , a student at erasmus university rotterdam , is affiliated with association of mbas . he has an office of ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) and was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , is found in asajaya . he was an kuching who was born in miri , malaysia .
abdul taib mahmud , which was created by sarawak , is a food found in asajaya . the abdul party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . he , party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was awarded the sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is nicknamed adenan satem , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . he , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was awarded the sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , was built in nigerian army . mike , which was designed by oladipo diya , was designed by atiku abubakar .
the abdulsalami abubakar was built on mike akhigbe which has the predecessor oladipo diya . the abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by al - amin daggash , was built in nigerian air force .
abel caballero was built in juan carlos i of spain , which has the predecessor francisco franco . abel was built in felipe gonzalez and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero has an office of minister of transport and was born in galicia ( spain ) . the abel caballero party of spanish socialist workers ' party was born in spain .
abraham a . ribicoff is nicknamed casey ribicoff and was born in new britain , connecticut . the abraham a . ribicoff is an united states an ethnic group from the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the adam holloway , built on may 5th , 2005 , was involved in gulf war . adam , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc is from poland where the language is polish language . he was awarded the polish - soviet war , the commander of which is joseph stalin .
adam koc , polish - soviet war , died in new york city . war , part of russian civil war , was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis has an office of vice - president of new democracy and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece .
adonis georgiadis has an office of ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece .
adonis georgiadis has an office of member of the hellenic parliament and was born in athens . he was designed by makis voridis in greece .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of the euro . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party .
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . agnes has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is party of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party .
agnes kant , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , was netherlands . socialist ( red ) is led by emile roemer .
the airey neave , built on june 30th , 1953 , was involved in battle of france . the airey neave was built on march 30th , 1979 in knightsbridge , london .
the airey neave , built on march 4th , 1974 , was involved in battle of france . the airey neave was built on march 30th , 1979 in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is nicknamed royal artillery , which was founded by hohne . he was awarded the world war ii , the commander of which is chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he is nicknamed william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was designed by william m . o . dawson in cleveland . construction of the albert b . white began on march 4th , 1905 and was begun by march 4th , 1901 .
albert jennings fountain was awarded the american civil war , the commander of which is abraham lincoln . albert was born in new york where the french language is spoken .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . fountain was awarded the american civil war , the commander of which is jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory . albert was born in staten island and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . the alberto teisaire , party of justicialist party , was built on juan peron .
alberto teisaire has an office of provisional president of the argentine senate and is located in rear admiral . alberto is nicknamed isaac rojas and was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales , which was designed by daniel gould fowle , has the office of governor of north carolina . he is party of the democratic party ( united states ) and was born in reidsville , north carolina .
united states army is the military [ ent_alfred_n_dot__phillips_ent [ ent_whiskey_rebellion_ent . alfred n . phillips ( born in [ ent_connecticut_ent ) was a [ ent_member_of_the_u_dot_s_dot__house_of_representatives_from_connecticut_apos_s_4th_district_ent .
alfred n . phillips , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by albert e . austin . he has an office of member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by albert e . austin . he has an office of mayor of stamford , connecticut and was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by price daniel . he has an office of governor of texas and was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was founded by wilfred r . cousins , jr . . he has an office of governor of texas and was born in lufkin , texas .
alvah sabin is in vermont whose largest city is burlington , vermont . he has an office of secretary of state of vermont and comes from the region of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin party is whig party ( united states ) whose leader is daniel webster . he is from the vermont region where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which is robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by gettysburg .
the alberto teisaire was built on juan peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . the nationality of the alberto teisaire is argentina , where the spanish language is spoken .
the alberto teisaire was built on juan peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . he is nicknamed isaac rojas and was born in mendoza , argentina .
aidastella , designed by meyer werft , was operated by aida cruises , located in germany . she is owned by costa crociere whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc .
aidastella ( 32 . 2 ) was built on 38 . 892 and was operated by aida cruises . the aidastella , which was designed by meyer werft , is a 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and is nicknamed 12 . 3 , who was built on may 1950 - august 1956 , was designed by four - stroke engine .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company , has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and is nicknamed 12 . 3 , which was designed by v12 engine , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 .
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . alv x - 1 is in the states where the anthem is the star - spangled banner .
the body of amc matador , which was designed by thames , new zealand , is station wagon and is also known as american motors matador . the amc , which was designed by amc v8 engine , is in mid - size car .
alhambra , which has the ship as well as a humphrys , tennant and dykes , was designed by samuda brothers . the alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) which is located in london .
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , was founded by eagle ( automobile ) and is the subsidiary of wheel horse . it , which was designed by chrysler , uses the key person roy d . chapin , jr . .
the ship ( january 25th , 1969 ) was built on 8 . 334 and has the ship as its ship . american submarine nr - 1 , which is classed as a 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on 3 . 8 m .
the antares ( rocket ) ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport ) was designed by delta ii from the united states . it is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 which has the associated with minotaur iv .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in july 13th , 2014 and has the maiden as its maiden . the rocket , or mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , was designed by 3 . 9 ( metres ) .
antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in october 28th , 2014 and has the launch as its launch . rocket , which was designed by 3 . 9 ( metres ) , was built in september 18th , 2013 .
the ariane 5 , which has the final as well as a august 11th , 2005 , was developed by airbus defence and space . the 5 , or guiana space centre , was designed by 5 . 4 ( metres ) .
ariane 5 ( ela - 3 ) was operated by arianespace located in courcouronnes . 3 is nicknamed guiana space centre , which has its headquarters in french guiana .
aston martin v8 is related to the transportation mean , newport pagnell . v8 , which was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) , was designed by aston martin .
the body of aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , is coupe and the engine . v8 , related to aston martin rham / 1 , was designed by newport pagnell .
aston martin v8 , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by the united kingdom and elizabeth ii . it is nicknamed aston martin virage , which was founded by aston martin .
audi a1 , which was designed by 1 . 2 ( litres ) , was designed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout and brussels , belgium . the a1 has the body of hatchback and is located in supermini .
audi a1 , which was designed by audi , subsidiary of ducati , was founded by august horch . audi , which was designed by lamborghini , belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . , founded in california , was designed in united states and is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna , which is governed by the caterpillar inc . , is owned by aida cruises .
aidaluna , which is governed by caterpillar inc . , uses douglas r . oberhelman and was founded in the united states . she is owned by aida cruises which is located in rostock .
the key person at caterpillar inc . , which is home to douglas r . oberhelman , was inaugurated in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna , which is governed by the inc , is owned by aida cruises .
aidastella , operated by aida cruises , was designed by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere . the costa , with the parent company carnival corporation & plc , is located in genoa .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard , was designed by finland , inhabited by finns . the leader of finland is sami languages and the leader is juha sipila .
a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft which is located in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck .
a - rosa luna is nicknamed neptun werft which is located in rostock , germany . the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle .
the demonym of the united states is americans , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the native americans in the united states ethnic group . atlas ii is in the states where the english language is spoken .
abel hernandez , who was awarded the penarol , has been managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo . he was at the central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division league .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club , manages valery petrakov and is attached to the club soviet union national football team . he died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko .
aleksandre guruli is at the fc karpaty lviv club , manages oleh luzhny and is attached to the club olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais , whose chairman is jean - michel aulas , is based at parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli , whose position is defender ( football ) , plays for a . c . milan and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria . the manager of milan is sinisa mihajlovic and they play in serie a .
alessio romagnoli , which was designed by a . c . milan , has the chairman silvio berlusconi and is managed by sinisa mihajlovic . he is at the italy national under - 17 football team club and is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria .
abel hernandez is at the u . s . citta di palermo club , manages giuseppe iachini and is attached to the club uruguay national football team . he was awarded the central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division league .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc amkar perm club , manages gadzhi gadzhiyev and is attached to the club fc spartak moscow . spartak , whose chairman is sergey rodionov , is based at otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc terek grozny club and plays for fc spartak moscow as well as a sergey rodionov . the manager of fc , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny .
aleksandr prudnikov was created by fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny , and has represented the club fc dynamo moscow . the manager of fc , who are the manager of rashid rakhimov , is grozny .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and plays for both fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team . the manager of torpedo , who are the manager of valery petrakov , was 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco . the manager of ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov , is thomas doll .
akeem adams is at the ferencvarosi tc club and plays for both united petrotrin f . c . and palo seco velodrome . the manager of ferencvarosi tc , whose chairman is gabor kubatov , is thomas doll .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and 8788850000 . ) , which was designed by 6155910000000 , was designed by 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena ( august 15th , 1868 ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james , canada , graduated from university of michigan .
101 helena , which was designed by james craig watson , has canada origin and studied at university of michigan . james , who died on peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
1036 ganymed ( walter baade ) was the doctoral student for allan sandage and died in gottingen . walter , who was born in german empire , graduated from university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed was designed by walter baade whose doctoral student was halton arp and he was born in german empire . the walter baade , with the doctoral student allan sandage , graduated from university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , doctoral student allan sandage , graduated from university of gottingen . walter is an germany who was born in german empire .
103 hera ( september 7th , 1868 ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james , canada , graduated from university of michigan .
103 hera ( 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) was designed by james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . watson , canada , graduated from university of michigan .
107 camilla , which was designed by b . zellner , has the orbital as well as 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla , which was designed by c . woods , has the orbital as well as 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla , which was designed by f . vilas , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 2368 . 05 ( days ) . 107 , which was designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla ( 7 . 08 ) was designed by n . r . pogson who died in chennai . n . r . pogson is an england who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was created by november 26th , 2005 and 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was also known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . the 1089 tama , or 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 , has the escape as well as 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) . the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
11264 claudiomaccone , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , has the orbital as well as 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it , which was designed by 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is a 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was created by kuching and asajaya . abdul was born on may 21st , 1936 in miri , malaysia .
abdul taib mahmud , party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was designed by adenan satem and university of adelaide . he was an demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak who was born in kingdom of sarawak .
the abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , was built in oladipo diya and was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 . the mike , or nigerian navy , was designed by atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by olusegun obasanjo , has the successor as its predecessor oladipo diya . he began on may 29th , 1999 and was built in nigerian army .
abraham a . ribicoff ( party of the democratic party ( united states ) ) was an office in governor of connecticut and died in the united states . abraham is an united states who was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff has an office of united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and is party of the democratic party ( united states ) and died in new york city . abraham is an united states who was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a united states national where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . he , nicknamed casey ribicoff , died in new york .
the adam holloway has an office of member of parliament for gravesham and was started by may 5th , 2005 in kent . the adam , with grenadier guards , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway , party of the conservative party ( uk ) , was started by may 5th , 2005 in faversham , kent , england . the adam holloway , with grenadier guards , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adonis georgiadis was built in the [ ent_antonis_samaras_ent and was built in [ ent_greece_ent . he ' s birth [ ent_makis_voridis_ent was born in [ ent_athens_ent . antonis samaras was built in the [ ent_konstantinos_mitsotakis_ent .
agnes kant has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and is a netherlands , led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party .
agnes kant , an doesburg , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . agnes has an office of house of representatives ( netherlands ) and its leader is khadija arib .
agnes kant , an doesburg , is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is the leader of the party .
albert b . white ( born on 1856 ) died in 1941 on september 22nd , 1856 . albert retired on july 3rd , 1941 died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white , nicknamed agnes ward white , was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . white is nicknamed william m . o . dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
the albert b . white , designed by agnes ward white , was designed by william m . o . dawson and office in governor of west virginia . the white was built on march 4th , 1905 in cleveland .
albert b . white , nicknamed william m . o . dawson , was born in republican party ( united states ) in cleveland . construction of the albert b . white began on march 4th , 1905 and was begun by march 4th , 1901 .
the alberto teisaire in juan peron , died in buenos aires , was led by horacio rodriguez larreta . the juan peron , which was designed by eva peron , was party on labour party ( argentina ) .
alberto teisaire has a worked office in provisional president of the argentine senate , rear admiral and was born in mendoza , argentina . he was designed by isaac rojas and was born on may 20th , 1891 .
alfons gorbach , party of austrian people ' s party , was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz .
alfons gorbach , party of austrian people ' s party , was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in graz .
alvah sabin is in vermont whose largest city is burlington , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . the alvah sabin , built on march 3rd , 1857 , is found in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin is in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont and the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district is the region . he was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois .
alfred moore scales was an battle of gettysburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . he is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
alfred moore scales was an siege of petersburg novel which was part of american civil war , which commander is jefferson davis . he is in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group .
the alberto teisaire , which was built on juan peron , was eva peron , party of labour party ( argentina ) . the nationality of the alberto teisaire is argentina , where the spanish language is spoken .
the aaron bertram , with an associated with kids imagine nation , was built on suburban legends with the band band . he is in ska punk whose stylistic origin are punk rock .
aaron deer , which was designed by the united states , was broadcast by wee giant and is in indie rock . the origin of the deer , which was created by solo singer , is indiana .
the aaron turner , with an associated with old man gloom , was built on lotus eaters ( band ) and is located in black metal . the turner , which was designed by the united states , was begun by 1995 .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on lotus eaters ( band ) and is located in sludge metal . the turner , which was designed by massachusetts , was built in 1995 .
the abradab , with an associated with magik ( rapper ) , was built on kaliber 44 and was born in katowice . the abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in poland .
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was born in 1982 and was singing . ace was born on july 23rd , 1982 in sweden .
ace wilder , which was designed by solo singer , was born in 1982 and was songwriter . ace was born on july 23rd , 1982 in stockholm .
ace wilder , which is part of the genre of hip hop music , has the music origin of funk . it , which was designed by drum and bass , was built in disco .
ace wilder , hip hop music , was born in funk in sweden . it , which was designed by drum and bass , was built in disco .
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , was built on the wildweeds and was born in windsor , connecticut . the band , built in 1966 , is in rock music .
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , was designed by guitar and is based in rock music . rock , bhangra ( music ) , has the stylistic as its stylistic .
alan frew , which was designed by canada , was designed by newmarket , ontario and was musician . alan is nicknamed solo singer and was born in coatbridge .
aleksandra kovac was designed by solo singer and was born in 1972 in socialist republic of serbia . she is in pop music which is governed by disco .
the aleksandra kovac , with an associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , was built on kornelije kovac and is located in rhythm and blues . the aleksandra kovac , which was designed by solo singer , was built in 1990 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in the united kingdom in manchester . alfred was born in 1872 and died in london .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup was born in manchester and died in london . the leader of london , led by the european parliament , is boris johnson .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in london where the title of the leader is the european parliament .
the alison o ' donnell , with an associated with flibbertigibbet , was built on mellow candle and is located in folk music of ireland . the active of alison o ' donnell ( floating world records ) was built in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , which is part of the genre of jazz , has funk as its derivative . alison ' s record is located in london .
jazz , which was designed by funk , was built in afrobeat and has the stylistic origin of folk music . alison o ' donnell , which was designed by autoharp , is in jazz .
the jazz , with the stylistic stylistic , was designed by funk and afrobeat . alison o ' donnell , which was designed by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp , is in jazz .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is part of acoustic music in dothan , alabama . allen is nicknamed solo singer and was born in fort campbell .
the anders osborne , with an associated with billy iuso , was built on voice of the wetlands all - stars and is located in rock music . the osborne , with an associated with galactic , was built in 1989 .
the anders osborne , with an associated with galactic , was built on tab benoit and is located in blues . the osborne , with an associated with billy iuso , was built in 1989 .
andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 in dance - pop , campia turzii . she , which was designed by solo singer , was singer , reality television judge .
andra ( singer ) , rhythm and blues , was designed by solo singer and was singing . she was born in 1986 in romania .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with armin van buuren with an associated with bobina , was built on armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . andrew is in trance music whose stylistic origin are pop music .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with christian burns , was built on armin van buuren and is located in trance music . andrew was built in 2009 and was born in chisinau , moldova .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on bobina and is located in trance music . andrew was built in 2009 and was born in chisinau , moldova .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was broadcast by john digweed and string instrument . the andrew , with an associated with christian burns , is located in trance music .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , was built on marry banilow and is known as b - unique records . the white , with polydor records , was built in 2003 .
allen forrest , hip hop music , was born in disco in fort campbell . the music , or funk , was designed by drum and bass .
the hip hop music , which has the stylistic as well as a funk , was developed by drum and bass . allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and was born in manchester where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . he died in london where the title of the leader is the parliament of the united kingdom .
paraguay , which uses the spanish language , is lead by juan afara and mestizo . agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay .
the andrew white ( musician ) ( b - unique records ) was built on polydor records in london . the musician is in alternative rock which is governed by nu metal .
the andrew white ( musician ) ( universal records ( defunct record label ) ) was built on polydor records in london . the white is in alternative rock which is governed by nu metal .
the architecture origin of rock music are [ ent_bhangra__lp_music_rp__ent . al anderson ( nrbq band ) has the instrument [ ent_guitar_ent . the architecture origin of country music are [ ent_blues_ent .
the architecture origin of rock music are [ ent_blues_ent . an genre of al anderson ( nrbq band ) is ` ` [ ent_bhangra__lp_music_rp__ent ' ' . country music is the instrument [ ent_banjo_ent .
with an associated with aaron turner , twilight ( band ) ( genre of black metal ) began in death metal . the aaron turner , with an associated with old man gloom , was designed by electric guitar .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , daniel martinez ( politician ) , uruguay . uruguay is where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is raul fernando sendic rodriguez .
