construction of 103 colmore row , birmingham began in 1973 and has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
the capital of south africa , whose capital is cape town , is the coloured and the asian south africans . south africa is the location of 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and its governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with an area of 110 million ( dollars ) and is 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
the 3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland , leinster , and is owned by live nation entertainment .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the 3xn firm the marriott international hotel .
adare manor is in adare , county limerick , munster , and is the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the filipinos in japan
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the vietnamese people in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia at 101 ukrop way is owned by the college of william & mary and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , whose leader is narendra modi and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 . it has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of manhattan and brooklyn . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , manhattan where gale brewer is the leader .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by andrew mitchell and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
birmingham , which has the b postcode area , is lead by the labour party ( uk ) and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , anandiben patel , india and is lead by sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan and is located in akita , akita . one of the ethnic groups of japan is the brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom whose leader is elizabeth ii and the capital is london . the title of the leader in london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , joe biden where the english language is spoken and the leader is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in the united states was established in 2000 in the state of pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku , the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11th , 1907 in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . the nearest city to it is frederick , maryland .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) made of bronze . the monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 and is located in turkey , where the title is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
the total area of albuquerque , new mexico , which has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) and has a total density of 505 , 575 and a population of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states , fulton county , georgia where atlanta is the county seat .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . where potter county , texas is the country part of the amarillo , texas and african americans .
the capital of texas , whose capital is austin , texas , is the state of potter county , texas , amarillo , texas united states .
anaheim , california , california , where the spanish language is spanish , is led by the california state assembly , california state capitol .
anderson , indiana , adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , is 268 above sea level and has a total density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) and a population of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
angola , indiana in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , indiana , united states has the total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california , which has a total population of 102372 , has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) and is abbreviated to 925 with the utc offset of - 7 .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 609 , the total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) and mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states , where washington , d . c . is pierce county , washington , is part of auburn , washington , in king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , washington ( state ) , united states , whose capital is washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of texas ( largest city of houston ) , hays county , texas san marcos , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california where the chinese language is spoken by the california state assembly and the leader is the california state capitol .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia which is part of alpharetta , georgia georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states .
anderson , indiana , part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana part of the united states , indiana indianapolis .
arlington , texas part of texas , the largest city is houston , in the united states where english language .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states , whose largest city is new york city , has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the origin of new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of jersey .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is the president of the united states . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group , the leader is the new mexico senate and the leader is the john sanchez .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is mayor of albuquerque , united states and the leader is barack obama where native americans in the united states ethnic group .
albany , georgia , united states , where the english language and native americans in the united states ethnic group , is part of the states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where english language . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg and plays for both sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau . jens is attached to the club 1 . fc union berlin .
italy starred in rolando maran . he is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 and plays for carrarese calcio and is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini was born in italy and manages a . c . lumezzane with played for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in the a epsth 2nd group . the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis club has 1500 members . the chairman of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . the ground of the a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) . footballer plays for stockport county f . c .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool where the leader is gordon marsden and the manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) . he plays for stockport county f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde , they have 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season at the warton , fylde , lancashire .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde , their ground is located at bryning lane and they have 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa plays for inter milan and manages acf fiorentina who played for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and juventus f . c . .
aek athens f . c . , whose ground is located in greece , has 69618 members and compete in the superleague greece . they competed in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax . the tenant of it is jong ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) , or amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , is joden , godenzonen . ajax has 5000 members . ajax competed in the 2014 season .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national football team , afc ajax and vitesse arnhem .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where the champions were vila nova futebol clube . the estadio is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil and their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . the estadio is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil where the ground of estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and is the manager of 1 . fc koln . peter was at the club fc admira wacker modling . peter is at the fk austria wien club .
the abilene regional airport , abilene , texas , is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york saranac lake , new york and is 507 metres above sea level . the length of the runway at airport is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name of airport is 18l / 36r . the runway length of airport is 3500 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier of agr . the icao location identifier of agra is viag .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located in iraq . the al asad airbase has the runway name 08 / 26 and a length of 3990 .
the united states air force operates al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province , iraq . the al asad airbase has the runway name 09r / 27l and a length of 3990 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft . the aircraft fighter of the air is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway length of airport is 2900 .
amsterdam airport schiphol , amsterdam , has the name 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' . the runway length of airport is 2014 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and its runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' . the runway length of the airport is 2014 . it is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport , texas , serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the length of the runway at andrews is 929 .
texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is austin , texas and its natives are tejano and andrews county airport .
texas is in the united states , where the english language is spoken and the capital is austin , texas and the andrews county airport is located .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola , luanda .
antwerp international airport , which is owned by the flemish region , is operated by the flemish government and has a runway length of 600 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in ashgabat and their hub at turkmenbashi international airport is located in turkmenistan .
the athens international airport , located in spata , serves the city of athens and is 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of the airport is 3800 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where charles michel and german language spoken .
the antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where the french language is spoken by philippe of belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york essex county , new york , harrietstown , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . iraq is lead by the kurdish languages and fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . iraq , where the kurdish languages and haider al - abadi are leaders .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , which is lead by malik muhammad rafique rajwana and serves the city of lahore in pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the class monocotyledon and is of the order commelinids .
the bbc , which is located at broadcasting house where rona fairhead and broadcast bananaman , was involved by bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by duncan rouleau from the americans and starred ryan potter .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon , a national of puerto ricans .
eric flint , who was born in burbank , california , wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii . it was preceded by the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has 512 pages and was published in e - book with the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins ( parent company wolters kluwer ) in the united kingdom , where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover with the oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the character is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
soho press in the united states was written in english language of asian americans ) and published a loyal character dancer .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and was published in hardcover with the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . it comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the lccn number 83646315 and issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , with lccn number 60040714 , paleobiology , is issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . , was published by the polish academy of sciences with the lccn number 60040714 and issn number 1732 - 2421 .
cornell university in new york publishes administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with both the association of american universities and the association of public and land - grant universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly . cornell is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and was put in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . it is written in english which english language spoken in great britain .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states and has the parent company johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken great britain and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . it was published in english language of great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group and the english language is spanish .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language spoken in the states is english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the english language is spoken and the leader is barack obama . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the asian americans .
alan bean , a united states national , was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa and won the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a representative of chris patten and was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a fighter pilot by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born on edwin eugene aldrin jr . ) was awarded 20 awards and was a crew member on apollo 11 operated by nasa .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , died in california , was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where the senators are called dianne feinstein .
elliot see was an united states who was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot hired by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology in india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university based in belgaum at the campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis as sport offers the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania , whose capital is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , which has a magistrate government in denmark , is lead by lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , kochi and has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of romania , whose capital is bucharest , is desteapta - te , romane ! and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania .
the capital of romania is alba iulia , the capital of which is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba .
amatriciana sauce originates from the lazio region of italy contains tomato and tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of cuttlefish , spain and the ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of white rice , spain and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , the parliament of catalonia , spain where spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in sumatra where the batak are an ethnic group . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is the malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia . it is a food found in sumatra where the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group . the ethnic group of sumatra is the minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . the states is home to the leader barack obama and the asian americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , whose capital is washington , d . c . the states is home to the leader john roberts and the asian americans .
a variation of a bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , is ketchup and it contains the blt and club sandwich .
the main ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which originates from the united kingdom , is bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and it also contains condiment . a bacon can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert that can be varied by using cookie in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska originates from the united states , it includes the ingredient sponge cake and meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding the ingredients of paris , new york or hong kong .
baked alaska contains meringue and comes from france , united states or china and hong kong and the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska originates from the united states , it includes ice cream and hong kong , the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region which is part of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell tart which uses fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso , a dish from indonesia , contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and tapioca . it is a food found in nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , which it contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots and noodle .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains the kidney bean . the main ingredients of it are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and contains hogao . the main ingredients of it are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leader is francois hollande and / or gerard larcher .
batagor is a food found in indonesia . shumai is a variation of siomay and it which contains shiitake .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city in the philippines , it includes noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
batchoy is a soup dish containing chicken from the philippines contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is made nationwide in singapore and indonesia and sesame oil , singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , is from indonesia and singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india and contains bhaji , bajji and vegetable .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , can also be known as bhaji , bajji and the ingredients include gram flour , vegetables and vegetable .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato , it belongs to the division of flowering plant and is of the order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines , it includes coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a food found in jalisco , it is a dessert found in mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico , it contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . the dessert is a cookie .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . it is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . it comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a food found in java where one of the ethnic groups is the baduy and the singapore region is tony tan .
in the philippines , where philippine spanish and batchoy was written , includes the zamboangans and the ilocano people .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines . in the philippines they speak zamboangans and arabic and the igorot people .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english . a cookie is a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines . the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english . sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dessert .
aaron hunt is at the sv werder bremen club . aaron , who plays for sv werder bremen ii , play in the 3 . liga league and are managed by alexander nouri .
abel hernandez was created by central espanol and penarol . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club and is managed by steve bruce .
the manager of abel hernandez is penarol , they are managed by jorge orosman da silva and previously played for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol . he is at the u . s . citta di palermo club , manages giuseppe iachini and is in serie a .
adam mcquaid ( born in prince edward island on october 12th , 1986 ) was designed by 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and was born in 1986 .
adam mcquaid is abbreviated to columbus blue jackets which is located in columbus , ohio . he is at the boston bruins club and is also known as don sweeney .
akeem ayers ( born on july 10th , 1989 ) was the former team for st . louis rams and was built on tennessee titans and was born in 1989 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 and was houston texans in 1987 .
akeem dent , who was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th , 1987 , was broadcast by atlanta falcons and houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the al - zawra ' a sc club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc their ground is located at al khor and is managed by amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the iraq national under - 23 football team club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc their ground is located at al khor and is managed by amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is at the shabab al - ordon club club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc their ground is located at al khor and is managed by amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club hamilton academical f . c . , with played for crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) ( born on january 1st , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club scotland national under - 21 football team , with played for crewe alexandra f . c . .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club fc kuban krasnodar , with played for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on february 24th , 1989 ) is a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club fc spartak moscow , with played for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , has a height of 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) and is part of the club fc karpaty lviv , in fc zestafoni .
alex plante was born in canada on may 9th , 1989 and was 1989 in anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 and is 1 . 9304 in anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , elizabeth ii where inuktitut is the leader and o canada is the anthem .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where elizabeth ii leads the o canada and the anthem of asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , elizabeth ii where slavey language is the leader and o canada is the anthem .
aleksandr prudnikov is at the fc kuban krasnodar club and plays for fc terek grozny their ground is located at grozny and is managed by rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov is at the fc torpedo moscow club whose manager is valery petrakov and its chairman is aleksandr tukmanov . torpedo competed in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season .
the akeem dent ( atlanta falcons ) , houston texans , is located in the city of texas and is located in the city of houston .
abel hernandez was awarded the penarol in the uruguayan primera division league . he is at the hull city a . f . c . club and is managed by steve bruce .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which was designed by 6155910000000 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . ( is abbreviated to 8788850000 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , or 360 . 29 ( days ) , was designed by november 4th , 2013 . the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) , was built in 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which was designed by november 4th , 2013 , was designed by 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) . it is abbreviated to 360 . 29 ( days ) .
1000 piazzia , which was designed by 352497000000 , was built in 488160 . it is abbreviated to 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) . 1000 is nicknamed june 27th , 2015 .
1001 gaussia , which was designed by june 27th , 2015 , was designed by 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) and has the former name of 1923 oaa907 xc and sergey belyavsky .
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , was born in german empire and is the doctoral student of allan sandage , at university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , was born in preussisch oldendorf and is the doctoral student of halton arp , at university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed , which was designed by walter baade , doctoral student halton arp , graduated from university of gottingen . walter died in west germany .
103 hera was edited by james craig watson who died in peritonitis and graduated from university of michigan . james died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera , which was designed by 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by james craig watson , canada . james died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera , which was designed by james craig watson , canada , died in peritonitis , died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla , designed by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by n . r . pogson born in nottingham . n . r . pogson died in chennai .
107 camilla , designed by march 1st , 2001 , was designed by n . r . pogson born in nottingham . n . r . pogson died in chennai .
1089 tama , which was designed by 288749000000 , was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; and was designed by november 26th , 2005 . it is abbreviated to 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1089 tama is abbreviated to 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it , which was designed by november 26th , 2005 , was designed by 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1097 vicia is nicknamed 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) . it , which was designed by 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 135589000 .
the 109 felicitas , or 139705000 , was designed by december 31st , 2006 and 283326000000 . it is abbreviated to 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea , which was designed by 416136000000 , was designed by june 27th , 2015 and has the former name of ` ` a900 ga ' ' and 5 . 57 ( days ) as its orbital .
the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it is nicknamed december 31st , 2006 . it is abbreviated to 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1101 clematis , which was designed by december 31st , 2006 and has the former name of 1928 sj , was designed by 445895000000 and 183309000 .
the 1101 clematis , or 183309000 , was designed by 445895000000 and december 31st , 2006 . it is abbreviated to 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1955 dodge , which was designed by 120 . 0 ( inches ) , was designed by v8 engine and 3 - speed automatic . dodge is nicknamed dodge .
1955 dodge was related to desoto custom related to chrysler newport . custom , which was designed by desoto firedome , was designed by desoto ( automobile ) .
aida cruises , rostock , was aidastella . she , which was designed by meyer werft , is owned by costa crociere .
the operator of aidastella , operated by aida cruises , is a 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) operated by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere .
the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company and was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 , was designed by v12 engine and is governed by diesel - electric transmission .
alco rs - 3 , which was designed by american locomotive company and has the length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , was designed by v12 engine and inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 .
alco rs - 3 ( 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) ) was founded by american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york in the united states .
the alco rs - 3 , which was designed by montreal locomotive works and was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 , was designed by v12 engine and is governed by diesel - electric transmission .
alco rs - 3 , with 12 floors , was inaugurated on may 1950 - august 1956 . it , which was designed by four - stroke engine , was designed by montreal locomotive works .
the amc matador , aka american motors matador , was designed by mexico city and has the body of station wagon , amc v8 engine .
the amc matador , aka vam classic , was designed by kenosha , wisconsin and amc straight - 6 engine , and is located in the class mid - size car .
acura tlx , which was designed by marysville , ohio , front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive , was designed by honda k engine and is located in mid - size car .
acura tlx , which was designed by marysville auto plant , v6 engine , was designed by front - engine design and is located in luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is abbreviated to 21 . 2 . finland , who designed her , in service , was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which was designed by helsinki , was designed by finland , inhabited by finns . juha sipila is the leader of finland .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , or 21 . 2 , was designed by helsinki . arctech helsinki shipyard , who designed her , is now in service .
alfa romeo 164 , related to lancia thema , was designed by italy and straight - four engine . 164 was related to saab 9000 .
alfa romeo 164 , related to saab 9000 , was designed by italy . 164 , which was designed by v6 engine , related to fiat croma .
alhambra , which is classed as a 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was built on may 31st , 1855 . alhambra , wrecked , was built in 8 . 3 m .
petrol was developers of alvis speed 25 . alvis speed 25 , nicknamed alvis car and engineering company , was founded by rover company and was founded in coventry .
rover company designed alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and publishes alvis speed 25 . the speed is nicknamed straight - six engine .
amc matador , which was designed by american motors , eagle ( automobile ) , was designed by chrysler and roy d . chapin , jr . .
the american submarine nr - 1 , or january 25th , 1969 , was designed by general dynamics electric boat . nr is abbreviated to 3 . 8 m . nr is abbreviated to 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 ( 3 . 8 m ) has an length of 8 . 334 and is categorized as a 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . nr is abbreviated to january 25th , 1969 .
october 28th , 2014 is the final flight flight ego , mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . antares ( rocket ) , which was designed by yuzhnoye design office , was built in april 21st , 2013 .
april 21st , 2013 is the maiden flight minister , which is governed by september 18th , 2013 and yuzhnoye design office . antares ( rocket ) is abbreviated to mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the capital of the united kingdom , where the capital is london , is aston martin v8 . v8 is nicknamed aston martin virage . aston is nicknamed aston martin .
aston martin v8 , which was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) , related to aston martin dbs . v8 , designed by the united kingdom , related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin was developers of aston martin virage . aston martin v8 , which was designed by 5 . 3 ( litres ) , related to aston martin dbs , was designed by it .
vandenberg air force base is the launch site which was designed by 3 . 04 m and cape canaveral air force station . the flight flight about atlas ii is december 5th , 2002 .
audi a1 , which was designed by 1 . 2 ( litres ) , front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout , was designed by audi brussels and is located in supermini .
audi a1 , which was designed by audi , founded by august horch , belongs to the division of audi e - tron and is the subsidiary of ducati .
the owner of aidaluna , which is owned by aida cruises , is caterpillar inc . , in illinois was founded in california .
the owner of aidastella , operated by aida cruises , operated by meyer werft , is costa crociere , in genoa .
the antares ( rocket ) ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 ) , designed by delta ii , is located in the united states , with cape canaveral air force station as its launch .
antares ( rocket ) is nicknamed delta ii . the delta ( vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 ) was built on cape canaveral air force station and is located in the united states .
the body of alfa romeo 164 , which was designed by italy and has the body of sedan ( automobile ) , was related to fiat croma to opel vectra .
the body of alfa romeo 164 , related to fiat croma , was milan and the body is sedan ( automobile ) . fiat was related to opel vectra .
the american submarine nr - 1 ( 3 . 8 m ) , designed by general dynamics electric boat , is located in groton , connecticut and its parent company is general dynamics .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany where stanislaw tillich is the leader and a - rosa luna is the builder .
atlas ii is in the united states where the english language is spoken and the capital is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
atlas ii is located within the united states where the people are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the african americans .
the aaron bertram , with an associated with kids imagine nation , is located in ska punk . the associated of the aaron bertram associated with the associated suburban legends , is brian robertson ( trombonist ) .
aaron deer , which is the genre of psychedelia , was designed by solo singer and indianapolis , the origin of indiana .
the aaron turner , which is part of the genre of electroacoustic music , has the associated to isis ( band ) and is governed by the associated of sumac ( band ) and singing .
the aaron turner , which is part of the genre of post - metal , has the associated with twilight ( band ) and was built in old man gloom and was built in 1995 .
the aaron turner , with an associated with sumac ( band ) , was designed by electric guitar and is based in black metal , which has death metal as its music .
ace wilder ( born in stockholm on july 23rd , 1982 ) was designed by solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ace wilder ( born in sweden on july 23rd , 1982 ) was designed by solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ace wilder ( born in stockholm ) was designed by solo singer and was 1982 in songwriter .
ace wilder ( born in sweden ) was designed by solo singer and was 1982 in songwriter .
ahmet ertegun , which is the genre of rhythm and blues , was designed by the united states , designed by non performing personnel and washington , d . c .
ahmet ertegun is in rock and roll whose stylistic origin are blues . the origin of the ahmet ertegun are the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the active of albennie jones is 1950 . rhythm and blues , which was designed by disco , is the genre of albennie jones and blues .
one of the ethnic groups of the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group , was albennie jones , the city of jazz , is blues .
aleksandra kovac , born in belgrade , pop music was born in 1972 and was commanded by solo singer .
aleksandra kovac , born in socialist republic of serbia , genre of rhythm and blues , was designed by solo singer and 1972 .
the alex day , which is part of the genre of acoustic music , has the associated with chameleon circuit ( band ) and was built in charlie mcdonnell and was built in 2006 .
the alex day , which is part of the genre of electronic music , has the associated with chameleon circuit ( band ) and was built in charlie mcdonnell and was built in 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in manchester , 1872 and died in london .
the uruguay dish montevideo is lead by daniel martinez ( politician ) and inhabited by uruguayans . montevideo is in alfredo zitarrosa .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo , which was designed by solo singer , is part of the genre of candombe and was built in rca records .
the associated of alison o ' donnell is flibbertigibbet . the alison o ' donnell , which is the genre of folk music began in bajik and was built in 1963 .
the associated of alison o ' donnell is head south by weaving . the associated of alison , which is the genre of folk music , was built in mellow candle . the active of alison are 1963 .
deram records , london , operates alison o ' donnell . she , which is the genre of jazz , was built in floating world records .
deram records , london , operates alison o ' donnell , genre of jazz . fruits de mer records is the record ` ` alison ' ' .
allen forrest , who was born in fort campbell , genre of acoustic music , was designed by solo singer . allen was born in 1981 .
allen forrest , who was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al , genre of hip hop music , was designed by solo singer . allen was born in 1981 .
the associated of andrew white ( musician ) is marry banilow . alternative rock , with punk rock , is the genre of musician . nu metal is the music ` ` rock ' ' .
the anders osborne , which is part of the genre of rock music , has the associated to billy iuso and is governed by the associated of tab benoit with the associated associated with galactic .
the anders osborne ( alligator records ) is located in chicago , blues and is the genre of shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , genre of dance - pop , was designed by solo singer and singing .
andra ( singer ) is in rhythm and blues , which was founded by disco . rhythm , which was designed by funk , was built in blues .
jonathan mendelsohn is the associated to the associated of andrew rayel with the associated associated with christian burns with the genre of trance music and was built in 2009 .
the andrew rayel , with an associated with jwaydan moyine , was built on christian burns and is part of the genre of trance music which is southwest of house music .
the andrew white ( musician ) , which is part of the genre of alternative rock , has the associated with kaiser chiefs and was built in marry banilow and was built in 2003 .
the andrew white ( musician ) , with an associated with kaiser chiefs , with an associated with marry banilow , was built in universal records ( defunct record label ) and was built in 2003 .
agustin barboza died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion . agustin died in paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , with an associated with nrbq , was built on the wildweeds and is part of the genre of country music which is southwest of banjo .
allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . disco is the stylistic origin for it . it , which was designed by drum and bass , was built in funk .
alfred garth jones was born in england in manchester , greater manchester , and led by the labour party ( uk ) .
the aaron turner , with an associated with twilight ( band ) , was built on house of low culture and is part of the genre of post - metal which is southwest of cello .
aaron turner , nicknamed electric guitar , was built on twilight ( band ) . twilight is in black metal which is governed by death metal .
the origin of rhythm and blues are blues . albennie jones , blues , was born in the united states where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded the purple heart and was american civil war in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded the purple heart and was battle of the wilderness in west roxbury .
ab klink , who was born in netherlands , was built in ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . ab , a student at erasmus university rotterdam , is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , was awarded the kuching and is the region of asajaya in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , was awarded the sarawak and is the region of asajaya in parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak and party of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak , was designed by adenan satem , in japanese occupation of british borneo .
abdul taib mahmud , who was created by sarawak and party of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , was designed by adenan satem , in japanese occupation of british borneo .
the abdulsalami abubakar , built on mike akhigbe , in atiku abubakar , has the predecessor oladipo diya and is known as nigerian army .
abdulsalami abubakar , which was designed by al - amin daggash , was built in nigerian air force . oladipo diya is the predecessor mike akhigbe which was broadcast by the president himself .
the predecessor juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor francisco franco . abel caballero , with the office in spain , was built in felipe gonzalez and was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero , who was born in galicia ( spain ) , was born in spain and has the office of minister of transport and party of spanish socialist workers ' party .
abraham a . ribicoff , an united states , was born in new britain , connecticut and was designed by casey ribicoff . one of the ethnic groups of the states is the native americans in the united states .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , was awarded the gulf war began in may 5th , 2005 and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
the nationality of adam koc is poland , they speak polish language and fought in polish - soviet war where the commander is joseph stalin .
adam koc , who died in new york city , was part of polish - soviet war , part of russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece , was born in athens and has the office of vice - president of new democracy , makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece , was born in athens and has the office of ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) , makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in greece , was born in athens and has the office of member of the hellenic parliament , makis voridis .
agnes kant is an netherlands national of the euro . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile .
agnes kant , an netherlands , is lead by mark rutte and office in house of representatives ( netherlands ) , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national led by mark rutte . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile .
agnes kant , an netherlands , party of socialist party ( netherlands ) , is lead by red and emile roemer .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , was awarded the battle of france began in june 30th , 1953 and was inaugurated on march 30th , 1979 .
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , was awarded the battle of france began in march 4th , 1974 and was inaugurated on march 30th , 1979 .
airey neave , which was designed by royal artillery , was involved by world war ii . the commander of it is chiang kai - shek . it is nicknamed hohne .
albert b . white , born in cleveland , william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
construction of albert b . white , which was designed by william m . o . dawson , began in march 4th , 1905 and was inaugurated on march 4th , 1901 in cleveland .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in the french language , american civil war , and was commander of abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico , american civil war . the commander of war is jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in the united states he died in new mexico territory .
alberto teisaire , party of justicialist party , was built on juan peron . he died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina and has the office of provisional president of the argentine senate , was designed by rear admiral and isaac rojas .
alfred moore scales , who was born in reidsville , north carolina , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by daniel gould fowle and has the office of governor of north carolina .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was built in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he is abbreviated to united states army . army was awarded the ` ` whiskey rebellion ' ' .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office of member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by albert e . austin and has the office of mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by price daniel and has the office of governor of texas .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , party of the democratic party ( united states ) , was designed by wilfred r . cousins , jr . and has the office of governor of texas .
alvah sabin in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district has the office of secretary of state of vermont and is located in the state of vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is the party of whig party ( united states ) , which is lead by daniel webster and vermont , the largest city is burlington , vermont .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was involved by battle of gettysburg . american civil war is the commander of robert e . lee and gettysburg .
alberto teisaire , an argentina office in juan peron , was party of labour party ( argentina ) . the language spoken in argentina is the spanish language .
designed by isaac rojas , alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and was office in juan peron . the party of juan is labour party ( argentina ) .
