200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States and completed in 1985 .
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York began construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in  January, 2014  . The building has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres and is built the Ski Assembly .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . the capital of Illinois is Springfield and the leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
Marriott International , which was founded in Washington , D.C. , is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark and Faroese is one of the languages spoken in Denmark .
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . Marriott International is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Denmark where one of the languages spoken Greenlandic .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandic . AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and currently tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster . the leader of Bloomsbury is the Republic of Ireland and Augustus Pugin is the location of Enda Kenny .
Addis Ababa City Hall , which was completed in 1964 in 1961 , has a height of  42 m  and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres .  Government of Addis Ababa  is the current tenants .
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan with 3 floors and is located in Akita , Akita . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture at  1-4-2 Nakadori  .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita , Japan . Taro is the leader of Japan , where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people .
Alan B Miller Hall , designed by Robert A.M. Stern , is situated in Virginia , The Mason School of Business . It is owned by United States , and its current tenant is the College of William and Mary .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Ahmedabad 's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan .
Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara District in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader . the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader and the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body . the capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Julia Morgan is an architect born in San Francisco who designed several significant projects . these include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beach , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and Hearst Castle .
Julia Morgan is an architect born in San Francisco who designed several significant projects . these include Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beach , the Riverside Art Musuem and Hearst Castle .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , New Netherland , United States . the leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row , with the B postcode area . John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham , with Birmingham City Council as the governing body .
the current leader of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC is President Barack Obama . the Chief Justice is John Roberts and the United States is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Mahe , northwest of Kerala state where the AWH Engineering College is located in  Kuttikkattoor  and was established in 2001 with a staff size of 250 .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in  In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.  . Its director is  Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar  and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore ,  India  . Its president is  B.M. Reddy  and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it has 700 postgraduate students .
School of Business and Social Sciences in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels . Denmark has the ISSN number a Monarch and the leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
AWH Engineering College in  Kuttikkattoor  , India was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250 . India 's largest city is Mumbai .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . the largest city in Kerala is Mumbai and India 's leader is Kochi . The Ganges is a river in India .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . Denmark 's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences , located in Aarhus which is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of Mols . The university is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in Gettysburg , in the Seminary Ridge .  United States  the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , built in 2000 is classed as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania 's Cumberland County is to the north of Adams County while Carrol County , Maryland and Frederick County , Maryland to the southeast and southwest of Adams County respectively .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
the capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its president - or official leader - is called Artur Rasizade . the legislature of Azerbaijan is known as the National Assembly . The country is the location for the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , which is dedicated to  Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku  .
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey . its capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul . Turkey 's leader is President of Turkey Ahmet Davutoglu .
A.C. Lumezzane 's ground is in Italy and its manager is Michele Marcolini . The club plays for F.C . Bari 1908 and is at the Vicenza Calcio club . the leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso .
Stuart Parker played football for Chesterfield FC . He now plays for Stockport County FC and AFC Blackpool , who have he ground in Blackpool where the leader is Labour .
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league whose previous champions include S S Robur Siena . the grounds of A.S. Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy which currently has Sergio Mattarella as a leader and Italian is the language spoken .
The Olympic Stadium is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . The club is managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C . Gus Poyet is also associated with Real Zaragoza .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians and where the language spoken Italian . the leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians . the capital of Italy is Rome , the official language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
May 21, 1936 , which has Abdul Taib Mahmud in Miri, Malaysia , is Asajaya .
Kingdom of Sarawak , which is the county of Abdul Taib Mahmud , has the title of Adenan Satem .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Abraham A. Ribicoff is an United States national whose leader is Connecticut and called ENTITY-4 .
Abraham A. Ribicoff , an United States national whose birth place is Connecticut and served in New York City .
Abraham A. Ribicoff has it and Abraham A. Ribicoff citizen is Connecticut . Abraham A. Ribicoff has Native Americans and is written in New York .
Kent , which is the county of Adam Holloway , has the title of Magdalene College, Cambridge .
 Faversham, Kent, England  , which is the county of Adam Holloway , has the title of Magdalene College, Cambridge .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
Agnes Kant is Netherlands which has a leader called Mark Rutte and whose leader is Socialist Party (Netherlands) .
Agnes Kant is Netherlands which has a leader called House of Representatives (Netherlands) and whose leader is Khadija Arib .
Agnes Kant is Netherlands which has a leader called Mark Rutte and whose leader is Socialist Party (Netherlands) .
Albert B. White was created by September 22, 1856 , who has Parkersburg, West Virginia .
Albert B. White is located within Cleveland .
Albert B. White is located within Cleveland .
Albert B. White is located within Cleveland .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires .
Mendoza, Argentina , which is the county of Alberto Teisaire , has the title of May 20, 1891 .
Austria , which is the county of Alfons Gorbach , has the title of Graz .
Imst , which is the county of Alfons Gorbach , has the title of Graz .
Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont but Alvah Sabin is now known as Vermonts 3rd congressional district .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and has the county of Vermont . Alvah Sabin is Burlington, Vermont in Vermonts 3rd congressional district .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Alfred Moore Scales is located .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Alfred Moore Scales is located .
Alberto Teisaire is Argentina whose leader is Spanish .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
James Craig Watson is from Canada which has University of Michigan as Canada leader and called Madison, Wisconsin .
James Craig Watson was created by University of Michigan , who has Madison, Wisconsin .
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and has University of Göttingen as German Empire leaders and Göttingen .
German Empire , which is the county of Walter Baade , has the title of University of Göttingen .
Walter Baade is from Germany which has German Empire as Germany leader and called University of Göttingen .
James Craig Watson is from Canada which has University of Michigan as Canada leader and called Madison, Wisconsin .
James Craig Watson is from Canada which has University of Michigan as Canada leader and called Madison, Wisconsin .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
N. R. Pogson is an English national whose sectizen is Nottingham and led by Chennai .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
AIDA Cruises is in Germany whose leader is AIDAstella . Germany is Costa Crociere , and AIDA Cruises served in Carnival Corporation & plc .
the chaiter of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where the population are known as American . the capital city is Washington DC and the leader is The Star-Spangled Banner .
the alternative name for AMC Matador is ``  American Motors Matador  '' .
P&O (company) is located in London , which is led by Alhambra .
the chaiter of American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr. .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
French Guiana , which is the county seat of Guiana Space Centre , is Arianespace .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
the chaiter of Audi A1 is Supermini .
August Horch , which was created by Audi , is known as Audi e-tron .
Caterpillar Inc. is in Peoria, Illinois which has AIDAluna as Caterpillar Inc. leader . Peoria, Illinois is AIDA Cruises that is made of California .
Douglas R. Oberhelman and United States are the leaders of Caterpillar Inc. which is the location of AIDA Cruises in Rostock .
Douglas R. Oberhelman and United States are the leaders of Caterpillar Inc. which is the location of Peoria, Illinois in AIDAluna .
Costa Crociere is in Genoa whose leader is AIDAstella . Genoa is AIDA Cruises , and Costa Crociere served in Carnival Corporation & plc .
Finns , where Finland is the capital , has a language spoken Sami languages and the leader is Juha Sipilä .
Rostock is in Germany where the capital is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck .
Rostock is in Germany where the capital is Berlin and the leader is Andreas Voßkuhle .
the inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans , American capital is Washington D.C. and the English language is spoken . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States . the leader of the United States is the President and the native people are called American and the ethnic group is Asian Americans .
Alpharetta is located in the United States in which Native Americans are an ethnic group . a county is the largest city in Atlanta .
English is the language of the United States , which is part of Wheeler , Jones County , Texas . the capital is Texas
Texas uses English , and is a part of Wheeler , , Taylor , Texas which has the capital city of the United States .
Texas uses the English language , and is part of Wheeler , Texas , Taylor County , Texas and has the capital city of the United States .
Fall Creek III is located in the United States , which is a part of Indiana and Farrar , 678 .
Antioch is led by Californias 11th State Assembly district and part of California , the language spoken Empoli where English is the language .
most of Atlanta is part of the State State of Georgia .
The Bodley Head is part of Springer , Oregon which is part of the United States .
Alabama is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the school is in American .
Washington , Washington is in the United States part of King County in Pierce County .
Texas speak English which is part of Austin in Taylor County , Texas . The book has the English language .
Houston is the largest city in Texas , which is part of Austin , Williamson County , Texas where English is the language .
Austin is part of Hays County , Texas where Houston is the largest city and the Spanish language is spoken .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana where American is located and it is spoken . Indianapolis is part of New York and Austin .
the largest city in Texas is Houston , Taylor , County , and the Spanish language is spoken .
Texas is located in the United States and has the capital city of Austin . the counties of Texas are sandesh and the Inkpot Award .
New Jersey is located in the United States where Washington , D.C. is the capital . the American has an ethnic group called White Americans and the largest city is New York City .
Albany is from the United States where the population are known as an American . the capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Albany , Georgia has they in the United States . the population are known as American and the capital city is Washington DC and the population includes many Asian Americans .
Angola is in the United States , where English is spoken by the demonym for the inhabitants who live there are American and African Americans .
in the United States is Washington DC . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups , the Washington Washington in Washington is located in Apollo Kong .
Alabama is located in the United States which has Native Americans . Ireland is one of the ethnic groups .
New Jersey is located in the United States where the capital is Trenton, New Jersey . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and president is the largest city .
English is the language of United States , where the leader is President Barack Obama . Albuquerque is an address located in the United States .
Angola is located in the United States where English is the language spoken . the native people are known as American and one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , which is part of Summit County , Ohio . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the United States is Washington DC and the leader is Barack Obama .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States . the leader of the United States is the President and the native people are known as Americans and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by  Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint  and was followed by Ring of Fire II , which was written in English and Grantville Gazette II as a sequel to The Grantville Gazette .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association and it 's president is Elizabeth Garrett and Cornell University publish the Administrative Science Quarterly .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States , where African American is an ethnic group and like in Great Britain , English is spoken .
A Loyal Character , written in English , was published by Soho Press in the United States , where they speak English , same as in Great Britain .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , it is based in the United States , where Asian Americans speak English , same as in Great Britain and there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
The English language of the United States is also spoken in Great Britain and originates from A Severed Wasp where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington
The novel Into Battle is published by Australians and it 's sequel to Above the Veil , which was preceded by Aenir and Castle and later The Violet Keystone .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . A Severed Wasp was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language of the United States and also of Great Britain .
The United States ( where Barack Obama is the capital , Washington D.C. ) is an ethnic group and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is novel from the United States , where the population are called American and whose capital is Washington DC . the previous president is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States . the country 's population includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is led by the President . The language spoken in both the United States and Great Britain is English .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by American Duncan Rouleau and by Steven T. Seagle . Alan Tudyk starred in the film Big Hero 6 .
Arem-arem is found  Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java  . in Indonesia , the currency is called Indonesian , the language spoken Indonesian and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Asam pedas is from the  Sumatra and Malay Peninsula  regions . The dish can be found in Malaysia whose capital city is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are among Malaysian ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is from the  Sumatra and Malay Peninsula  regions . Asam pedas can be found in Malaysia whose capital city is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indian and Malay people are among it 's ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra . Asam pedas can also be found in Malaysia ( capital city : Kuala Lumpur ) where Malaysian Indian and Malay people are ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . the leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Indian and Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia .
the main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are  Bacon,sausage  , and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States . a political leader there is Paul Ryan , the capital is Washington English and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients  Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce  . a variation of the bacon sandwich , which is also known as  Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin  is the BLT .
Baked Alaska is from the region of Hong Kong and the France dish , which leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls and the national language is French .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombia . one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and belongs to the Rosids order .
the leaders of France are Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher . ' come from France where Barny Cakes can be found and where one of the languages is French .
Batagor ( Indonesia ) , a variant on Shumai and Siomay , contains peanut sauce .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , which is home to the dish batagor . Batagor is a variation of Siomay ( which contains Shumai ) and Shiitake .
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia . Batagor is a variation on Siomay Shumai or Shiitake . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia .
 Bhaji, bajji  are alternative names for Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India . the main ingredients are  Gram flour, vegetables  .
Bhajji comes from the country India where the residents are called the Indian people and the leader is T. S. Thakur . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka which is where Bhajji are found .
Bhajji origintes from the Karnataka region of India , home to the Indian people ; led by Sumitra Mahajan and T. S. Thakur .
 Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins  are the main ingredients in Bionico . It is serverd for dessert and can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico , where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Pena Nieto is leader . Honey can be added to Bionico , which is a dish served as a dessert .
the name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the dish comes from the Jalisco region . It served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain where Carles Puigdemont is Catalonia 's leader . Spaniards are Spanish main ethnic group .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy , where the capital is Rome and a key leader is Laura Boldrini and/or Matteo Renzi and Italian is the language spoken .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where Italians are from , and the capital is Rome . the leaders in the country are Laura Boldrini and Sergio Mattarella .
Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders of Italy , the capital of which is Rome . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce and they speak Italian .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where you can find Ayam penyet . The dish , which has the main ingredient of fried chicken , can be found  Nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore  .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java . The Javanese people are a ethnic group of Java , where English is the language spoken and the leader is Tony Tan .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and the language is Philippine Spanish . The country include the Chinese Filipino and the Zamboangans .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader and Spanish is spoken . the population are known as Spaniards .
Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia where Spain is the leader and the people are called Felipe VI of Spain . Spaniards is a food found in Ajoblanco .
Alan Bean originally from Wheeler , Texas in the United States went on to become a test pilot . He joined NASA in 1963 and is now  Retired  .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was a member of the Apollo 14 crew operated by NASA . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong who served as part of NASA Apollo 8 crew . Apollo 8 was commanded by Frank Borman .
American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 , in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He served as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is an US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and crew member on NASA Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  . Shortly after Buzz graduation was selected by NASA and served both as a fighter pilot and a crew member on the Apollo 11 mission before Buzz Aldrin  Retired  .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge in New Jersey ) was a crew member of NASA 's Apollo 11 with William Anders as the backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin is now  Retired  .
Buzz Aldrin was born January 20, 1930 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA , where William Anders was a backup pilot . Buzz Aldrin has now  Retired  .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 who died in California which is represented by Dianne Feinstein and Benitoite .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders , from the United States , was born in British Hong Kong , was a fighter pilot , was a member of Apollo 8 crew and retired on September 1, 1969 .
Abel Hernández plays for Central Español and Abel Hernández club is U.S. Città di Palermo . Abel Hernández is also managed Peñarol .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and Aleksandr Chumakov club is Soviet Union national football team . Aleksandr Chumakov is also managed Valery Petrakov .
Aleksandre Guruli club is FC Karpaty Lviv and Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais . Aleksandre Guruli is currently part of Oleh Luzhny and Aleksandre Guruli played for Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and Alessio Romagnoli club is U.C. Sampdoria . Alessio Romagnoli is also managed Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team and Alessio Romagnoli club is U.C. Sampdoria . Alessio Romagnoli is also managed A.C. Milan .
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and Abel Hernández club is Uruguay national football team . Abel Hernández is also managed Giuseppe Iachini .
Aleksandr Prudnikov club is FC Amkar Perm and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow . Aleksandr Prudnikov is currently part of Gadzhi Gadzhiyev and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for Otkrytiye Arena .
Aleksandr Prudnikov club is FC Spartak Moscow and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny . Aleksandr Prudnikov is currently part of Rashid Rakhimov and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for Grozny .
Aleksandr Prudnikov club is FC Dynamo Moscow and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny . Aleksandr Prudnikov is currently part of Rashid Rakhimov and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for Grozny .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and Aleksandr Chumakov club is Soviet Union national football team . Aleksandr Chumakov is also managed Valery Petrakov .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvárosi TC and Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. . Akeem Adams is currently part of Thomas Doll and Akeem Adams played for Palo Seco .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvárosi TC and Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. . Akeem Adams is currently part of Thomas Doll and Akeem Adams played for Palo Seco Velodrome .
the location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , which is in Denmark . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region . Denmark is led by Margrethe II and the language of Denmark is Faroese .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in  Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas  and is operated by ENAIRE and is elevated banana metres above sea level . the runway is named  14L/32R  and is American metres long .
Agra Airport , in India , is operated by the Indian Air Force and lies the metres above sea level . the runway has a length of McKenzie , and its ICAO locationa identifier is  VIAG  .
The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase in Iraq . Al Asad Airbase has the ICAO location identifier of  ORAA  , and a runway name of  08/26  with a length of Wellington .
Al Asad Airbase which is operated by the United States Air Force is located in  Al Anbar Province, Iraq  . Its runway name is  08/26  and its length is Ring . the ICAO Location Identifier of the Al Asad Airbase is  ORAA  .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircrafts . The USAF uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon . The USAF battled in the bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located its metres above sea level and has a 1st runway surface made of poaceae . the runway name , which is granola in Alderney Airport , is  08/26  .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore . The airport has a runway named  18L/36R  which is a plant dish in length .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore . The airport runway is named  18R/36L  and is milk in length .
Alpena County Regional Airport city serves Alpena , Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of A.F.C .
Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves Alpena Michigan , is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The airport has a runway named  7/25  , which is  metres long and located 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves the city of Alpena , Michigan , is located in the Wilson Township , New Jersey . the runway name is  1/19  , is American metres long and the facility is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport city serves Alpena , Michigan in the Wilson Township in the United States . The Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 m above sea level and Tranmere long .
The Angola International Airport in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda is 159 metres above the sea level . it 's runway is called  05L/23R  and it is Tranmere long .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greece . two leaders there are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is the language of Greece .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . two leaders in the country are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the language spoken Greek .
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey in Egg Harbor Township . This airport is in the United States , New Jersey . The city 's leader is Don Guardian .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . Brussels is the capital of Belgium where Charles Michel and Phillipe are leaders .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , United States , Atlantic County , New Jersey . Egg Harbor Township is part of New Jersey . Atlantic City International ICAO Location Identifier is  KACY  .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , Harrietstown and Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York , which is part of New York , Harrietstown , New York , United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , Saranac Lake , and also Essex County ( part of Harrietstown , New York ) United States .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and part of Bundelkhand . This airport is operated by the Indian Air Force whose helicopter is the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and the location of Agra Airport . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Fuad Masum is the prime minister and Haider al-Abadi is a leader in Iraq . Arabic is one of the spoken languages of the country .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Katowice , which is the county of Abradab , has the title of November 12, 1978 .
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has July 23, 1982 as Sweden leaders and Singing .
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm and has July 23, 1982 as Stockholm leaders and Songwriter .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Ace Wilder is Sweden .
the chaiter of Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is Windsor, Connecticut .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Coatbridge , which is the county of Alan Frew , has the title of Musician .
the chaiter of Aleksandra Kovač is Socialist Republic of Serbia .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Alfred Garth Jones is an United Kingdom national who was born in England and is in London .
Manchester ( born London ) is the leader of the European Parliament . Alfred Garth Jones has Boris Johnson .
Manchester ( born ) is lead via London ) and led by the European Parliament . Alfred Garth Jones has the Labour Party .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Deram Records is in London .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Allen Forrest is Dothan, Alabama .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Câmpia Turzii , which is the county of Andra (singer) , has the title of  singer, Reality television judge  .
Andra (singer) was born in Romania and Romania is Singing .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Andrew Rayel is  Chișinău, Moldova  .
the chaiter of Andrew Rayel is  Chișinău, Moldova  .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Allen Forrest is Fort Campbell .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Alfred Garth Jones , born in Manchester , is led by London and the United Kingdom 's .
Paraguay , led by Juan Afara , is the home of Mestizo and uses the Spanish language .
Polydor Records is in London .
Polydor Records is in London .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Montevideo has Montevideo counties in Uruguay and is where they speak Spanish . Uruguay led by Daniel Martínez (politician) and Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
Switzerland is led by the Federal Chancellor and is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio . The country was established in 1996 and is led by Mario Botta . there are 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore ,  India  was established in 2000 . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka . Its president is  B.M. Reddy  and its director is  Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar  and its motto is  Nurturing Excellence  .
Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west . The state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was granted Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Institute is governed by tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania . Alba ethnic group is Germans of Romania and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . Romania 's capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association . It was created in 1928 and it 's dean is  Thomas Pallesen  and it has 737 employees . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
School of Business and Social Sciences in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association ( which has the European University Association in Brussels ) . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , in Aarhus , Denmark , is affiliated with the European University Association . The school was created in 1928 and uses  Universitas Aarhusiensis  as its Latin name . Its dean is  Thomas Pallesen  and it has 16000 students .
The Atatürk Monument , which is made of  Bronze  , is found in Turkey , whose capital is Ankara and whose largest city is Istanbul . the currency used in Turkey is the Turkish lira and the leader 's name is Ahmet Davutoglu .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara . The country is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica in  Bronze  and inaugurated on July 27, 1932 .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey . the capital city is Ankara and Istanbul is the largest city . The country is the location of the Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on July 27, 1932 .
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15, 1932 . He graduated in  UT Austin, B.S. 1955  , he was a test pilot , who was on the crew of Apollo 12 . He is now  Retired  .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated  NWC, M.A. 1957  and was selected by NASA in 1959 . He served as a test pilot and died in California .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was a member of the Apollo 12 crew operated by NASA where Alfred Worden was the backup pilot . He was a test pilot .
Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was  Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr.  , was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  . He was selected to work for NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20, 1930 . in 1963 he graduated  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  then became a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew who spent  52.0 (minutes) in space .
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on January 20, 1930 . He graduated  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  . He was a member of Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin is now  Retired  .
Buzz Aldrin was an American born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where Buzz Aldrin performed as a crew member but is now a Apollo 11 . Buzz Aldrin has now  Retired  .
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 crew which was operated by NASA after receiving  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  . Buzz Aldrin is now  Retired  . the backup pilot was William Anders .
William Anders is an American who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and was a member of Apollo 8 before William Anders retired on September 1, 1969 .
William Anders was an American who was born in British Hong Kong . He was part of NASA 's Apollo 8 crew , along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
William Anders was a fighter pilot chosen by NASA in 1963 to join the Apollo 8 space mission . William Anders spent  8820.0 (minutes) in space . Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933 and retired on September 1, 1969 .
John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row . John Madin is located in Colmore Row .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio ; Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is part of DuPage County , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
George Winkler , United States , has South South Boston floors and was designed by 22 .
 HOK SVE  was the architect of 3Arena , completed  December 2008  and is located on  North Wall Quay  .
the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark , is currently occupied by Marriott International .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , designed with 23 floors by 3XN , and currently tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel .
Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster .
Adare Manor , owned by JP McManus , was designed by Philip Charles Hardwick and Adare Manor construction was completed in 1862 .
Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , is in the architectural style of ``  Tudor and Jacabian  '' and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall , located in Sri Lanka , is in the architectural style of ``  Tudor and Jacabian  '' and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
located in the United States , The Mason School of Business currently live in Alan B Miller , a building which began in  30 March 2007  .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Riverside Art Musuem .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also the significant building of Chinatown in San Francisco .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on  Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California  and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987 with the Reference Number of  87000823  .
The Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980 .
Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980 .
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin whose home town is Birmingham , led by the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
John Madin , born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row , which is run by the Liberal Democrats .
Ethiopia is led by Hailemariam Desalegn and is the location of Addis Ababa in Addis Ababa City Hall .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , which is led by Anandiben Patel .
Marriott International , with Bill Marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Bethesda Maryland .
AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staff .
Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , which has 700 postgraduate students .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has to its northwest Mahe , India . the leader of Kerala is Kochi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania 's ethic group is Germans of Romania and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania whose ethic group is Germans and its leader is Klaus Iohannis .
School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it was established in 1928 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania , in  United States  , and has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County is to the north west of Carroll County , Maryland .
the capital of Azerbaijan is Baku . The memorial is in Azerbaijan , which is also known as  Türk Şehitleri Anıtı  .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , which is led by Artur Rasizade and has the National Assembly as its legislature .
The Atatürk Monument is found in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader 's name is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Jens Hartel started he career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzig . since then he has played for SV Germania Schoneiche and is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 and played for A.S.D . He manages A.C. Cesena .
``  Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA  '' is the full name of AC Lumezzane . They have 4150 members and play in the  Lega Pro/A  league .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan . He also plays for Alianza F.C and the El Salvador national football team .
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
A.F.C . Blackpool fullname is ``  Association Football Club Blackpool  '' . They have 1500 members and their ground is in Blackpool .
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC , now plays for Runcorn FC Halton and is the manager at AFC Blackpool .
Dave Challinor , is at Colwyn Bay FC , plays at Stockport County FC and manages A.F.C .
the full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is  Livorno Calcio S.p.A.  , their ground is in  Livorno, Italy  and they have 19238 members .
A.S. Livorno Calcio play in Serie B , which Carpi FC 1909 are the previous champions . It has also the manager of Christian Panucci .
Christian Panucci , who manages A.S. Livorno Calcio , used to play for Chelsea F.C and the Real
AEK Athens FC who 's grounds are in Greece compete in the Superleague Greece , the champion of which is Olympiacos
Gus Poyet has been the manager of AEK Athens FC and plays for both Chelsea F.C and the Real Zaragoza football club .
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam , the city where AFC Ajax amateurs have its ground .
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
John van den Brom plays for Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.Ş . He is also manager of AZ Alkmaar .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro league in Brazil . Its ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca .
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C. . A.S. Roma is also in Udinese Calcio .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both A.S.D and the club SSD Potenza .
Massimo Drago played for A.S.D , Massimo Drago now plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A C Cesena .
Massimo Drago club was club and he played for US Castrovillari Calcio . He is now the manager of A C Cesena .
the chaiter of Aaron S. Daggett is Maine .
Netherlands , which is the county of Ab Klink , has the title of Erasmus University Rotterdam .
the chaiter of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Kingdom of Sarawak .
Kingdom of Sarawak , which is the county of Abdul Taib Mahmud , has the title of Sarawak .
Niger State , which is the county of Abdulsalami Abubakar , has the title of Technical Institute, Kaduna .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Abel Caballero is Galicia (Spain) .
the chaiter of Abel Caballero is Galicia (Spain) .
the chaiter of Abner W. Sibal is World War II .
the chaiter of Abner W. Sibal is Ridgewood, Queens .
the chaiter of Adam Holloway is Gulf War .
Adam Holloway was created by Magdalene College, Cambridge , who has Faversham .
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland . Adam Koc considered Polish–Soviet War and Leon Trotsky .
the chaiter of Adam Koc is Polish–Soviet War .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within the city .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Netherlands , which is home to Agnes Kant , is led by Mark Rutte .
Netherlands , which is home to Agnes Kant , is led by Mark Rutte .
West Germany , which is the county of Agnes Kant , has the title of Radboud University Nijmegen .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is World War II .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is World War II .
the county seat of Albert B. White is September 22, 1856 .
the chaiter of Agnes Ward White is Marietta, Ohio .
Albert Jennings Fountain , born in Staten Island , where United States are an ethnic group and where African American is from .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and it is New Mexico Territory .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and has an American .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires , where Buenos Aires City Legislature is the county .
the chaiter of Alberto Teisaire is Mendoza, Argentina .
Austria , which is the county of Alfons Gorbach , has the title of Graz .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Connecticut .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Darien, Connecticut .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont , where Alvah Sabin is a leader .
October 23, 1793 , which is the county of Alvah Sabin , is led by Whig Party (United States) .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont where the leader is Whig Party (United States) .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States . Albert Jennings Fountain considered American Civil War and Abraham Lincoln .
the chaiter of Alfred Moore Scales is Battle of Fredericksburg .
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol where the leader is Austria and the leader is Doris Bures .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) where the leader is Austria and the leader is Doris Bures .
Austria , which is the county of Alfons Gorbach , is led by Doris Bures .
the chaiter of Aaron S. Daggett is Battle of Salem Church .
Netherlands , while the leader of Ab Klink is Stellendam and the currency is the Euro .
Adam Koc , Poland , has a Polish language speaking and is home to Kashubians .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Germany , which is the home of Walter Baade , is known as University of Göttingen .
the chaiter of James Craig Watson is Madison, Wisconsin .
the chaiter of James Craig Watson is Madison, Wisconsin .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
N. R. Pogson is England who has Nottingham as its leader .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the alternative name for 1955 Dodge is ``  Dodge Coronet  '' .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
AIDA Cruises is in Germany whose leader is AIDAstella and called Costa Crociere .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the codes of American Locomotive Company are Schenectady, New York .
American inhabit the United States and the ethnic group is African American .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital is Washington
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Rome is the capital of Italy .
Rome is the capital of Italy .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Alhambra is  Wrecked  .
the codes of Alvis Car and Engineering Company are Coventry .
the chaiter of American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr. .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is known as the President .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Caterpillar Inc. , founded in California , is located in Peoria, Illinois .
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois , which is led by AIDAluna .
Costa Crociere is in Genoa whose leader is AIDAstella and called AIDA Cruises .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Guiana Space Centre is French Guiana .
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana .
the chaiter of Neptun Werft is Rostock .
Americans inhabit the United States and the ethnic group is African American .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Albany is located in Linn County .
Siomay is the Senate leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Alpharetta is located in Fulton County , Georgia .
The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is the home of Alpharetta as well as a test pilot .
Alpharetta is located within the United States , where there are many Asian Americans and the capital city is Washington
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
The California State Senate is located in the California , California and their runway name is California .
Anderson is part of Indiana in Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana and is part of the United States .
The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is the home of the city as well as Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana .
Antioch is part of Orange County which is led by the United States House of Representatives .
county is located in the United States , which is part of Wheeler , Texas .
Atlanta is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans and where the capital is Washington DC .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Visayas is the largest city in New Jersey , Atlantic City , United States .
United States , where New York City is the largest city , is located in Atlantic City International New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Wizards , Alabama is a part of Hong Kong and is in the United States , U.S. County , Texas .
The state of Washington , is located within the United States which is part of King , Washington . the capital of the United States is Washington DC .
The Washington state is located within the United States which is part of Washington , Washington . Buxton is the capital of the United States .
Albany , Georgia is part of King County and the capital of which is the state 's .
Anderson is the largest city of Madison Township , Indiana which is part of New United States .
New Jersey is located within the United States , Atlantic City , and the capital of the United States is Trenton, New Jersey .
Houston is the largest city in Texas , where English is the spoken language and where Taylor is the leader .
Chorizo is in the United States which is part of King County , New York . the capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Greece is in the United States which is part of Kingdom . the capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC and the language is English .
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , where Akron , Ohio is part of Summit County , Ohio .
The United States has many Asian Americans , and is also where Albany originates from and where John Roberts is the leader .
Albuquerque hails from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is the leader .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States , where the language is English and where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Angola is located in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by  Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint  , is available in  Print  and has  448  pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair , which is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association of Catalonia ( led by Alexander L. Wolf ) and has its headquarters in New York City .
the academic discipline of AIDS journal with IBN of  0269-9370  is HIV .
with an ISSN number of  1473-5571  , AIDS ( journal ) comes under academic discipline HIV .
A T Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and attended Stanford University is the editor of AIP Advances .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and has the ISBN number  0-7653-0633-6  as well as the OCLC number 51969173 .
A Loyal Character was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number of 49805501 . The book has the ISBN number of  1-56947-301-3  .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and based in Soho being published by United States .
A Severed Wasp is in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . A Severed Wasp was written in the United States .
A Severed Wasp has  388  pages and was published in Hardcover with the OCLC number of 8805735 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( or  Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.  ) has an ISSN number of ``  1865-8784  '' and LCCN number of 32024459 .
Aenir , written in English , is an Above novel . The book was followed up by Australians .
Above the Veil is written in English and was followed by the book Aenir written by Garth Nix .
the hardback book Above the Veil is  248  pages long and the author is Garth Nix .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated  Acta Palaeontol. Pol.  , has an ISSN number of  0567-7920  and an LCCN number of 60040714 .
Addiction ( Journal ) has the abbreviation of ``  Addiction  '' and the ISSN number  1360-0443  .
The Addiction Addiction , ISSN number  0965-2140  , is published by Wiley-Blackwell , whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons .
Cornell University in the state of New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil written by Garth Nix .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English as spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover , has  320  pages and the OCLC number 78771100 .
English is spoken in both Great Britain and the United States . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and served as Steve Fairhead .
SAGE Publications , founded by Sara Miller McCune , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number  0001-8392  .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States which is home to A Severed Wasp . Washington , D.C. is the capital of the United States .
A Wizard of Mars was written in English and published in the United States . English includes the ethnic group African American .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where there are many Asian Americans and the capital city is Washington
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the title is the President and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Albert Uderzo and French Rene Goscinny created the comic character Asterix .
Bananaman was shown on the BBC and last aired on April 15, 1986 .
Baymax first appeared in Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Big Hero 6 is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit . Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 .
The film Big Hero 6 , distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , starred Ryan Potter and was Baymax .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as  Mark Desmond  and was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox .
The comic character Bolt , who has the alternative name of  Larry Bolatinsky  , was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn .
the creators of Bolt with the alternative name of  Larry Bolatinsky  , are Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn .
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region , in Italy .
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and the main ingredients are  compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings  .
Tomatoes are part of the flowering plant family and the Solanaceae family . Tomatoes are used in Arrabbiata sauce .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is an traditional dish from Rome in Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy and one of its ingredients is tomato .
Asam pedas ( from the Malay Peninsula region ) is a food found in Malaysia . the main ingredients of Asam pedas are  Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce  .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and where Arifin Zakaria is the leader .
Ayam penyet comes from Indonesia and is also popular in Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich ( which contains lettuce ) .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and John Roberts is the Chief of Justice .
Bread is an ingredient in an bacon sandwich which is also known as a BLT or a Club Sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the country of France and the region of New York .
Baked Alaska is from France , it 's currency is also the Euro and a leader is Manuel Valls .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from the region of New York in the
Baked Alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . A cookie is also a dessert .
Bakewell pudding is  Dessert  from the Derbyshire Dales region and some main ingredients are  Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs  .
Bakewell pudding ( or Bakewell tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales and some main ingredients are  Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs  .
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is an food that comes from and is found in Indonesia .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa , a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Columbian cuisine .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region , Colombian cuisine and one of its ingredients is Hogao .
Barny Cakes can be found in France , where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are  noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef  .
the main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are  noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef  .
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular  Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia  . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
Sesame oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region and is an popular dish in Indonesia .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region and is found in the countries of  Singapore and Indonesia  .
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra
Binignit is a dessert that contains banana . A cookie is also a dessert .
Binignit is a type of dessert like cookies . Sago is a ingredient in dessert .
Binignit is made from Taro and is served as a dessert as is a cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato , and banana , that is of the order Solanales .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and contains granola .
Bionico is a food originates from Guadalajara of Mexico and Bionico contains raisins .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and Pietro Grasso as leader .
Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where Arabic is an language spoken . The Philippines is also the country Batchoy comes from .
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and popular in Indonesia too.The country 's leader is Tony Tan and the spoken language is English there .
The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae and is a member of the order of Solanales and is a ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , in the United States , is now  Retired  .
Buzz Aldrin is an United States born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States of which Joe Biden is an leader .
Buzz Aldrin was an United States national who graduated from  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  , was selected by NASA in 1963 .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
Elliot See , who graduated from the University of Texas in Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 , died in St. Louis .
Elliot See graduated from University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis where Francis G Slay is the mayor .
Elliot See died in St Louis which was once part of the Kingdom of France and passed away on February 28, 1966 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , where the purple finch is a native bird and spent a total of  13017.0 (minutes) in space .
Aaron Hunt is in SV Werder Bremen and plays for VfL Wolfsburg .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Aaron Hunt club is VfL Wolfsburg . Aaron Hunt is also managed Dieter Hecking .
Abel Hernández is in Hull City A.F.C. and plays for U.S. Città di Palermo .
Abel Hernández is in Peñarol and plays for U.S. Città di Palermo .
Adam Maher is in AZ Alkmaar and plays for PSV Eindhoven and Netherlands .
Akeem Adams is in United Petrotrin F.C. and plays for W Connection F.C. and Akeem Adams ground is Palo Seco .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
 Atlanta, Georgia  , which is the county of Akeem Dent , has the title of September 27, 1987 .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Iraq national under-20 football team club , but plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is where its served .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in Al Kharaitiyat SC and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Alaa Abdul-Zahra ground is Al Khor .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in Clyde F.C. and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in Accrington Stanley F.C. and plays for Motherwell F.C. and Alan Martin (footballer) ground is Accrington .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in  Tampere, Finland  and is a September 2, 1995 sech as Florida Panthers .
 Tampere, Finland  , which is the county of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. , has the title of September 2, 1995 .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union where the leader is Russia and the leader is Vladimir Putin .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Alania Vladikavkaz and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Tom Tomsk and plays for Russia national football B team .
Aleksandre Guruli is in AZAL PFK and plays for Olympique Lyonnais and Aleksandre Guruli ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Aleksandre Guruli is in Olympique Lyonnais and plays for US Lesquin and Aleksandre Guruli ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and Alessio Romagnoli club is Italy national under-16 football team . Alessio Romagnoli is also managed Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and Alessio Romagnoli club is U.C. Sampdoria . Alessio Romagnoli is also managed Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli is in A.S. Roma , who plays for Italy national under-16 football team .
Alessio Romagnoli is in Italy national under-17 football team which is a member of U.C. Sampdoria and plays for the country .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba where the leader is 1.9304 and Anyang Halla .
Alex Plante was born in Canada where the leader is 1.9304 and Anyang Halla .
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and Euroleague .
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and Turkish Basketball Super League .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Tom Tomsk and Aleksandr Prudnikov ground is Otkrytiye Arena .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Anzhi Makhachkala whose county is FC Spartak Moscow .
Valery Petrakov , who manages FC Torpedo Moscow , plays for Aleksandr Chumakov .
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. and Abel Hernández club is Uruguay Olympic football team . Abel Hernández is also managed Steve Bruce .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow where the leader is Russia and the leader is Sergey Sobyanin .
Abner (footballer) plays for Brazil national under-20 football team and Abner (footballer) club is Real Madrid Castilla . Abner (footballer) is also managed Luis Miguel Ramis .
Luis Miguel Ramis manages Real Madrid Castilla and plays for Abner (footballer) and C.D .
Alex Tyus is a St. Louis dish which is part of Greater St. Louis and is headed by Francis G Slay .
Nashville, Tennessee is the county seat of Tennessee Titans .
Akeem Adams is in Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and Akeem Adams ground is Palo Seco .
Aarhus Airport is operated by  Aarhus Lufthavn A/S  ; its runway name is  10R/28L  and its runway length is paneer .
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Lake Placid , New York and also Saranac Lake and the length of the runway at Wellington .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is in the community , Spain .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh and its location identifier is  VIAG  . The Indian Air Force operate Agra Airport .
the operating organisation of Al Asad airbase in Iraq is the United States Air Force and the runway length is paneer .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . there you can find the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter . The USAF fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF was involved in the invasion of Grenada and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a fighter aircraft .
the 1st runway of Alderney Airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is made of Poaceae and is American long .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , in Pakistan is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , based in the Jinnah International Airport .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway name of ``  18L/36R  '' and a length of Citrus .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level at Maple Ridge Township , Texas , United States .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , airport meters above sea level and has a runway length of name .
Andrews County Airport , Texas is American below sea level and its runway length is Batak .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital is Austin . English is the language spoken there .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas ( United States ) where the inhabitants have the demonym Tejano .
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in , German speaking Belgium .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , which is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New Jersey and is headquartered at the Four World Trade Centre .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . The airport 's runway length is Wellington .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan , whose leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , which is part of the community of Madrid . the leading party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain . the leading party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain , where the Peoples Party ( Spain ) is the leading political organization .
the county seat of Suburban Legends is Pop music .
the county seat of Aaron Deer is Indie rock .
the county seat of Aaron Deer is Psychedelia .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Black metal .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Drone music .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Ambient music .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Black metal .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Black metal .
the county seat of Abradab is November 12, 1978 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of Ace Wilder is Hip hop music .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción where the leader is Paraguay .
the county seat of Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is Rock music .
the county seat of Alan Frew is Rock music .
the county seat of Albennie Jones is Jazz .
the chaiter of Albennie Jones is Errata, Mississippi .
the county seat of Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music .
the county seat of Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music .
the county seat of Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues .
the county seat of Alex Day is Synthpop .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and England is Sidcup .
Alfred Garth Jones is the United Kingdom who was born in England .
The United Kingdom , which is the country of Alfred Garth Jones , is known as Manchester .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester where the leader is Sidcup and the leader is the Labour Party .
Alfred Garth Jones is in London which is led by Boris Johnson .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Folk music of Ireland .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Folk music .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Jazz .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Jazz .
the chaiter of Allen Forrest is Dothan, Alabama .
the chaiter of Allen Forrest is Dothan, Alabama .
the county seat of Andrew White (musician) is Alternative rock .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of Anders Osborne is Rock music .
the county seat of Andra (singer) is Dance-pop .
the county seat of Andra (singer) is Rhythm and blues .
the county seat of Andra (singer) is Rhythm and blues .
the county seat of Andrew Rayel is Trance music .
the county seat of Andrew Rayel is Trance music .
the county seat of Christian Burns is House music .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of Aaron Bertram is Ska punk .
Errata, Mississippi is an ethnic group in Albennie Jones , where United States are an ethnic group .
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was built between  1973  and 1976 in Birmingham .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has the capital city of Cape Town . there are various ethnic groups within South Africa which are Asian South Africans and the Coloured .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , United States and the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 ( square metres ) and  110 million (dollars)  to build .
300 North LaSalle is in Cook County , Chicago , Illinois in the United States . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle , Illinois , with 60 floors covering 120770.0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , is Marriott International and was designed by 3XN firm .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster , which is governed by the Limerick of Denmark .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , an country with the ethnic group of the Brazilians .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . Filipinos are one ethic group in Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita Japan , is part of Akita Prefecture and the ethnic group is Vietnamese people .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in Akita , Akita , Japan , an country with the ethnic group Vietnamese people .
The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall . The Hall is situated at  101 Ukrop Way  , Williamsburg , Virginia and it was completed on  1 June 2009  .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India and the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
located in Pacific Grove , California Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 , added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987 where the Asilomar Conference Grounds has the reference number  87000823  .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980 with  80002709  .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , parts of which are Brooklyn and Manhattan ( where Cyrus Vance Jr . are the leader ) .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States . the leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . the postal code of Birmingham is the B postcode and the leader is Andrew Mitchell .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin who was born in Birmingham ( B ' B ) , governed by the Labour Party ( UK ) .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat India . Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders of India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat India . Narendra Modi and T. S. Thakur have been leaders of India .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in Akita , Akita , Japan , an country with the ethnic group the Brazilians .
Elizabeth II and London are leaders of the United Kingdom in which the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the capital . The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
Joe Biden leads the United States which is known as the President . the language of the United States is English and the United States is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
AWH Engineering College of  Kuttikkattoor  , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at  In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.  ,  India  . The institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore ,  India  is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is  Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar  .
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai and was given the ` Technical Campus ' status by Acharya Institute of Technology . one of the sports offered at the All India Council is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . Romania 's capital is Bucharest .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus has a magistrate government . Denmark 's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
AWH Engineering College is located in the city of  Kuttikkattoor  , Kerala . it has 250 academic staff . Kerala 's leader is Kochi .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . its capital is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te , române ! . Romania 's ethnic group is Germans of Romania .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . the capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in  Pennsylvania  of  United States  was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known locally as  Türk Şehitleri Anıtı  ) has been dedicated to  Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku  . It 's capital of Baku .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11, 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Monocacy nearest city is Frederick , Maryland .
The Atatürk Monument , which is made of  Bronze  , is found in Turkey , whose capital is Ankara and led by Ahmet Davutoglu .
Turkey , where the leader is known as President , is the location of the Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica , was inaugurated on July 27, 1932 .
Jens Härtel is part of the club 1 . club and has been manager of FC Magdeburg . He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
Rolando Maran ( a traditional plant ) plays for Carrarese Calcio . He has also worked at FC Bari 1908 and is the manager of AC Chievo Verona .
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for AC Chievo Verona at the while AC Lumezzane .
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP , with 1500 members it 's ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
Stuart Parker plays for Stockport County FC and is the manager of AFC Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool , where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
Stuart Parker has been the manager of AFC Blackpool , a club based in the city of Blackpool where the is currently led by Gordon Marsden . Stuart Parker 's previous club was Stockport County FC .
AFC Fylde ( full name :  Association Football Club Fylde  ) has 3180 members . They competed in the 2014 season and they are based at  Warton, Fylde, Lancashire  .
the full name of A.F.C . Fylde is ``  Association Football Club Fylde  '' and they are based at  Bryning Lane  . They competed in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
Paulo Sousa played for Inter Milan and Juventus FC . He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv Aviv and is manager of ACF Fiorentina .
AEK ground is Greece . They have 69618 members and played in the Superleague Greece in the 2014 season .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) 's ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax . the grounds are owned by AFC Ajax NV and has a tenant of Jong Ajax .
the full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is  Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs  and it 's full name is  Joden , Godenzonen  . They played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and the Netherlands national football team , Vitesse John van den Brom is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ground is Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C , in which the current champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense 's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas , Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and they play in the Brazil league .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense 's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da , Arapiraca , Campeonato and they play in the Brazil league .
Akron Summit Assault have their home ground at St. Vincent-St . Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Summit County , New Jersey , United States .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Rome is the capital and Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders .
Peter Stoger , who played for FC Admira Wacker Modling , is also manager of FK Austria Wien . He is also manager of 1 and played for SK Vorwärts Steyr .
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and has Purple Heart as Maine leaders and West Roxbury .
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and has Purple Heart as Maine leaders and West Roxbury .
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and has Erasmus University Rotterdam as Netherlands leaders and Association of MBAs .
Asajaya , which comes from the country of Abdul Taib Mahmud , is led by Miri, Malaysia and Kuching .
Asajaya , which comes from the country of Abdul Taib Mahmud , is led by Kingdom of Sarawak and Sarawak .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was created by Sarawak , who has Adenan Satem .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was created by Sarawak , who has Adenan Satem .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Abel Caballero is Galicia (Spain) .
the chaiter of Abel Caballero is Galicia (Spain) .
Abraham A. Ribicoff is an United States national which is led by New Britain, Connecticut and has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups .
Kent , which is the county of Adam Holloway , has the title of Magdalene College, Cambridge .
Adam Koc , Poland , is made with Polish–Soviet War and is the language spoken Polish language .
the chaiter of Adam Koc is Polish–Soviet War .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
Netherlands is the Euro which is led by Socialist Party (Netherlands) and Emile Roemer .
Netherlands , which is home to Agnes Kant , is led by Mark Rutte .
Agnes Kant is Netherlands which has a leader called Mark Rutte and whose leader is Socialist Party (Netherlands) .
Netherlands , which is home to Agnes Kant , is led by Socialist Party (Netherlands) .
 Knightsbridge, London  , which is the county of Airey Neave , has the title of Battle of France .
 Knightsbridge, London  , which is the county of Airey Neave , has the title of Battle of France .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is World War II .
Albert B. White is located within Cleveland .
Albert B. White is located within Cleveland .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where the French language is spoken and the leader is American Civil War .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and it is Doña Ana County, New Mexico .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where the county is New Mexico Territory .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires .
the chaiter of Alberto Teisaire is Mendoza, Argentina .
the chaiter of Alfred Moore Scales is Reidsville, North Carolina .
Connecticut , which is the county of Alfred N. Phillips , has the title of United States Army .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Connecticut .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Darien, Connecticut .
the chaiter of Allan Shivers is Lufkin, Texas .
the chaiter of Allan Shivers is Lufkin, Texas .
Vermont with Burlington, Vermont is a capital of Alvah Sabin and is popular in Vermonts 3rd congressional district .
Vermont , who comes from the country of Alvah Sabin , is led by Whig Party (United States) and Daniel Webster .
the comment to win Aaron S. Daggett is Purple Heart .
Alberto Teisaire is Argentina whose leader is Spanish .
the chaiter of Alberto Teisaire is Mendoza, Argentina .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of 1001 Gaussia is  1923 OAA907 XC  .
German Empire , which is the county of Walter Baade , has the title of University of Göttingen .
Preußisch Oldendorf , which is the county of Walter Baade , has the title of University of Göttingen .
Walter Baade was created by University of Göttingen , who has West Germany .
James Craig Watson was created by University of Michigan , who has Madison, Wisconsin .
Canada , which is the home of James Craig Watson , is known as Madison, Wisconsin .
Canada , which is the home of James Craig Watson , is known as Madison, Wisconsin .
Nottingham , which is the county of N. R. Pogson , has the title of Chennai .
Nottingham , which is the county of N. R. Pogson , has the title of Chennai .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Costa Crociere is the owner of AIDAstella in AIDA Cruises , which has a complition called Rostock .
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere , whose leader is AIDA Cruises .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the codes of American Locomotive Company are Schenectady, New York .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the alternative name for AMC Matador is ``  American Motors Matador  '' .
AMC Matador is also known as  VAM Classic  , which has Mid-size car as  VAM Classic  complent .
the chaiter of Acura TLX is Mid-size car .
the chaiter of Acura TLX is Luxury vehicle .
the chaiter of Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is  In service  .
Finns , which is known as Finland , is led by Juha Sipilä .
the chaiter of Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is  In service  .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Alhambra is  Wrecked  .
the codes of Alvis Car and Engineering Company are Coventry .
the codes of Alvis Car and Engineering Company are Coventry .
the chaiter of American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr. .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
London is the Capital of the United Kingdom .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Audi A1 is Supermini .
August Horch , which was created by Audi , is known as Audi e-tron .
AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises is located in Caterpillar Inc. . AIDAluna leader is Illinois .
Costa Crociere is the owner of AIDAstella in Genoa , which has a complition called AIDA Cruises .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
General Dynamics , which is the county seat of General Dynamics Electric Boat , is Groton, Connecticut .
Rostock is located in Germany where the leader is Stanislaw Tillich .
English is the language of United States , where the capital is Washington D.C. and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Americans inhabit the United States , where the capital is Washington D.C. and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is part of Albany , in Georgia where English is the language .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Alpharetta in the United States , Apollo Kong is part of the U.S. state of Georgia .
Jones is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Lee County , Texas is located in Texas , Wheeler , Texas , and it is the capital of Wheeler , Texas .
The California Assembly is located in the California State which is part of Anaheim , California . California is a leader in the California where Spanish is spoken .
Anderson is part of  Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union  .
Angola is part of Indiana in the United States and is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the municipal leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is known as the Mayor .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the leader is Farrar and Ireland is an dish .
Lee County is located in Alabama , United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Apollo 11 is in the United States which is part of Washington , Washington . the capital of the United States is King Patten .
King , Washington is located in the United States , which is part of Washington , Washington . the capital city of the United States is Washington DC .
Houston is the largest city in Texas , which is part of Austin in Hays County , Texas .
The California State Assembly is located in the California State which is part of Anaheim , California . California is one of the languages spoken in the California and Chinese is the spoken language .
Georgia is in the United States part of Alpharetta and Fulton County , Texas .
Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana is part of the United States in Indiana . Indiana is the capital of the United States .
Texas is in the United States where Houston is the largest city and the language spoken English . Texas is also the location of Abilene .
Albany is from the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
New Jersey is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . the largest city in the United States is New York City and Atlantic City is New Jersey .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is President Barack Obama .
Albuquerque , New Mexico in the United States is the home of Asian Americans . The United States is part of the New Jersey and played John Buscema in American .
Albany comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . additionally , Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the leader is Albuquerque the Mayor and Barack Obama is from .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where Albany is located in English and where ENTITY-5 is the language spoken .
Angola is in the United States where English is the primary language . an ethnic group in the United States is Americans . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Angola is located in the United States where English is the prime minister . He is also spoken in Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
Burbank California is the birth place of Eric Flint who written 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by  DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes  .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , available as an E-Book , has  512  pages and was written by  Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al.  and has the ISBN number  1-4165-2060-0  .
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal was published . It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and published in Hardcover with the OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN of  0-7653-0633-6  .
A Loyal Character , has the ISBN number of  1-56947-301-3  and the OCLC number is 49805501 . The book was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press located in the United States . the language of the U.S. is English and one of it 's ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane has  560  pages and is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number  978-0-15-204770-2  .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (  Acta Math. Hungar.  ) which has a discipline of Mathematics has the LCCN number 83646315 and ISSN number  0236-5294  .
Paleobiology is the academic discipine of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which has the abbreviated name of  Acta Palaeontol. Pol.  . The book has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number of  0567-7920  .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( often abbreviated to  Acta Palaeontol. Pol.  ) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences with the ISSN number  1732-2421  and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in the state of New York . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and also with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Cornell University ( of Ithaca , New York ) is affiliated with the Association of Public and Universities .
the paperback Aenir has  233  pages , written by Garth Nix and an ISBN number of  0-439-17684-0  .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where African Americans are a ethnic group .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University , which is based in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans . English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
A Wizard of Mars written in English spoken mostly in Great Britain was published in the United States whose president is Barack Obama .
A Wizard of Mars was written in English and published in the United States . The United States is led by Barack Obama and has many Asian Americans .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , which president is Barack Obama , and the language is English , which is also spoken in Great Britain .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the language is English and the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
located in Broadcasting House , BBC , and where Rona Fairhead is a key person , once broadcasted Bananaman and has a product called BBC radio .
Steve Bright created Bananaman which was first aired by  STV  on October 3, 1983 and starred Jill Shilling .
American Duncan Rouleau is the creator of Baymax , which featured in the film Big Hero 6 ( starring Ryan Potter ) .
The character Bolt , also known as  Larry Bolatinsky  , is a comic book character created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn ( a national of Puerto Rican ) .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio region . Its ingredients include  Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil  .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella .
Arròs negre is traditional in the Catalonia region of Spain . Arròs negre includes :  White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers  .
Arròs negre is traditional in the Catalonia region of Spain . It includes :  White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers  .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , the main ethnic group of Spaniards are the Parliament of Catalonia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . Malay and Batak are ethnic groups of Sumatra .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra that is found in Malaysia . Malays are a ethnic group of Sumatra and the Minangkabau people are found in the country .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Barack Obama was once the leader there , the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the United States .
United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . John Roberts is the leader of the United States and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of Washington DC .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom , which contains ketchup and is a variation of the BLT . The Club sandwich is a variation of a bacon sandwich .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the United Kingdom and the bacon sandwich main ingredients are  Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce  and condiments are one of the ingredients . The bacon sandwich can also be known as  Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin  .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States . African Americans are an ethic group United States , and a cookie is also a dessert .
Baked Alaska comes from either  Paris, New York or Hong Kong  and is found in the United States . the main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are  Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding  .
Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong . Baked Alaska is from  France, United States or China  . It 's main ingredients are  Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding  .
Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong and the United States . the main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are  Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding  .
a variant of Bakewell pudding is Bakewell tart , a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . the ingredients of Bakewell tart include fruit preserves .
Bakso comes from Indonesia , and is traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in  Nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries  . Bakso ingredients are  Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots  .
Bakso is a food dish from Indonesia . Bakso is made of  Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots  .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and part of Columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are :  red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon  .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and part of Colombia . the main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are :  red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon  .
The French language is spoken in France where Barny Cakes come from . the leaders of the country are Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher .
Batagor comes from Indonesia . Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai ( which include Shiitake ) .
Batchoy originated fron the region of La Paz , Iloilo City and also comes from the Philippines . the main ingredients are  noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef  .
Batchoy is a soup eaten in the Philippines . the main ingredients of Batchoy are  noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef  .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore . Its main ingredients are  Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil  and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of  Singapore and Indonesia  and also Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region and Indonesia .  Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil  are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow .
Bhajji ( also known as  Bhaji, bajji  ) comes from the Karnataka region of India . Bhajji includes vegetables .
 Bhaji, bajji  are alternative names for Bhajji which are found in the region of Karnataka . the main ingredients are  Gram flour, vegetables  .
Binignit includes the sweet potato and sago . The dish belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , the Philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
Bionico is a Mexican a dessert from the region of Jalisco and granola is one of the ingredients .
Bionico is a food originates from Guadalajara , Mexico . this contains  Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins  .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and a cookie is also a dessert .
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which can be found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the Singapore region of Java , where Tony Tan is the leader . Baduy are a ethnic group in Singapore .
Ilocano people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippines . one of the languages there is Philippine Spanish . Batchoy is a dish that comes from the Philippines .
Batchoy originated from the Philippines . It is also home to the Igorot people and the Zamboangans . Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where they speak Philippine English . The binignit is a dessert , as is a cookie .
Binignit comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken . This dish is a dessert , and Sandesh can be served as a type of Philippines .
Alan Bean is an American national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent  100305.0 (minutes) in space .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members of Apollo 8 , who was born in British Hong Kong . Chris Patten is a representative of Apollo 8 .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  and was a crew member for Apollo 11 and is now  Retired  .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin ( born  Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.  ) was a crew member of NASA Apollo 11 with 20 awards .
Alan Shepard 's birth place was New Hampshire and Alan Shepard died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Dianne Feinstein is one of the senators of California , where Alan Shepard died . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal of United States , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Elliot See was an United States citizen , who was born in Dallas . He was an student at the University of Texas in Austin . He died in St. Louis .
William Anders joined NASA in 1963 and served as a Fighter pilot . He then went on to become a member of Apollo 8 crew .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen and Aaron Hunt club is SV Werder Bremen II . Aaron Hunt is also managed Alexander Nouri .
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. and Abel Hernández club is Peñarol . Abel Hernández is also managed Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernández plays for Central Español and Abel Hernández club is U.S. Città di Palermo . Abel Hernández is also managed Peñarol .
Giuseppe Iachini manages U.S. Città di Palermo and plays for Abel Hernández and Serie A .
Prince Edward Island , which is the county of Adam McQuaid , has the title of October 12, 1986 .
Adam McQuaid is in the Boston Bruins .
the county seat of Akeem Ayers is July 10, 1989 .
 Atlanta, Georgia  , which is the county of Akeem Dent , has the title of September 27, 1987 .
 Atlanta, Georgia  , which is the county of Akeem Dent , has the title of September 27, 1987 .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra club is Al-Zawraa SC and Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . Alaa Abdul-Zahra is currently part of Amar Osim and Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Khor .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra club is Al Kharaitiyat SC and Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Iraq national under-23 football team . Alaa Abdul-Zahra is currently part of Amar Osim and Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Khor .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra club is Al Kharaitiyat SC and Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club . Alaa Abdul-Zahra is currently part of Amar Osim and Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Khor .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Scotland national under-21 football team .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Dynamo Moscow and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Rubin Kazan and plays for FC Spartak Moscow .
Aleksandre Guruli is in FC Karpaty Lviv and plays for FC Zestafoni .
Alex Plante was born in Canada and is a May 9, 1989 sech as Anyang Halla .
Alex Plante is in Anyang Halla which has Canada as Anyang Halla leader and 1.9304 .
Canada is located in Elizabeth II where Inuktitut is spoken and O Canada is the full name of Elizabeth II .
Canada , led by Elizabeth II , is the home of Asian Canadians and known as O Canada .
Canada is located in Elizabeth II where Slavey language is spoken and O Canada is the full name of Elizabeth II .
Aleksandr Prudnikov club is FC Kuban Krasnodar and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny . Aleksandr Prudnikov is currently part of Rashid Rakhimov and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for Grozny .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow . Aleksandr Chumakov now manages Valery Petrakov and played 2014–15 Russian Premier League .
Houston Texans is located in Houston , which is led by Texas .
Steve Bruce manages Hull City A.F.C. and plays for Abel Hernández and Peñarol .
Abilene Regional Airport of Abilene , Texas has a runway named  17L/35R  with a length of A.S.D and the airport is 546 metres above sea level .
Adirondack Regional Airport , serving the city of Lake Placid , New York and Saranac Lake , New York , is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of Wellington .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in  Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas  . the airport is operated by the ENAIRE organization . the runway name is  18L/36R  and its length is banana .
Agra Airport is in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force . This airport has two type of identifiers , its ATA Location identifier is  AGR  and its ICAO location identifier is  VIAG  .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which has a runway length of Wellington . The Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and has the runway name of  08/26  .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in  Al Anbar Province, Iraq  . the runway name is  09R/27L  and it has a length of Wellington .
The USAF , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles at the Invasion of Grenada . They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of Wellington .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a runway named  09/27 Buitenveldertbaan  that is Arrondissement long .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has  18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan  that is Prime long .
Andrews , Texas is served by Andrews County Airport which is located American metres above sea level and has a runway length of Wellington .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States ( where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano ) , and the capital city is Austin .
the capital of Texas in the United States is Austin . the language spoken in Texas is English and Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and owned by the Flemish Region . The airport has a runway length of Wellington and is Aids above sea level .
the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines and is in Ashgabat . the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport which is in Turkmenistan .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and is located in Spata . Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of the ingredient character , New Jersey .
Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , and is located in Egg Harbor Township , United States . Don Guardian is the leader of Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
The South Jersey Transportation Authority own Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , United States where the leader is called Stephen Dilts .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Charles Michel is the leader and German is one of the languages .
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where one of the languages is French . This country is also where the city of Antwerp is , which is served by Antwerp International airport .
Saranac Lake , New York , which is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport , is part of Essex County , Harrietstown , United States .
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . The Kurdish languages is the language of Iraq where the leader is Fuad Masum .
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Kurdish are spoken in the country , where there are leaders called Haider al-Abadi .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants . Poaceae - from the order of Commelinids and classified as Monocotyledon .
the county seat of Aaron Bertram is Ska punk .
the county seat of Aaron Deer is Psychedelia .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Electroacoustic music .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Black metal .
Stockholm , which is the county of Ace Wilder , has the title of July 23, 1982 .
Sweden , which is the county of Ace Wilder , has the title of July 23, 1982 .
Ace Wilder was created by Songwriter , who has Stockholm .
Ace Wilder was created by Songwriter , who has Sweden .
the county seat of Ahmet Ertegun is Rhythm and blues .
one of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans .
the county seat of Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues .
The United States is an ethnic group in Albennie Jones , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
the chaiter of Aleksandra Kovač is Belgrade .
the chaiter of Aleksandra Kovač is Socialist Republic of Serbia .
the county seat of Alex Day is Acoustic music .
the county seat of Alex Day is Electronic music .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and Alfred Garth Jones is located in London .
Uruguay , which has the countries of Uruguayans , is located in Montevideo . Uruguay went to Alfredo Zitarrosa and led by Daniel Martínez (politician) .
the chaiter of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Uruguay .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Folk music .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Folk music .
Deram Records is in London .
Deram Records is in London .
the chaiter of Allen Forrest is Fort Campbell .
the chaiter of Allen Forrest is  Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL  .
the county seat of Andrew White (musician) is Alternative rock .
the county seat of Anders Osborne is Rock music .
Alligator Records is in Chicago .
Andra (singer) was born in Romania and Romania is Singing .
the county seat of Andra (singer) is Rhythm and blues .
the county seat of Andrew Rayel is Trance music .
the county seat of Andrew Rayel is Trance music .
the county seat of Andrew White (musician) is Alternative rock .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Asunción , which is part of Gran Asunción , is led by Agustín Barboza . Gran Asunción designed Paraguay and served in Juan Afara .
the county seat of Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is Country music .
the county seat of Allen Forrest is Hip hop music .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England which is a part of Manchester . the leader of England is Greater Manchester .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Post-metal .
the county seat of Twilight (band) is Black metal .
United States is an ethnic group in Albennie Jones , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
108 St. Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in  United States  .
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and has 34 floors .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors .
United States George House designed 320 South Boston Building .
 HOK SVE  was the architect of 3Arena , which is located at  East Link Bridge  .
3Arena is located in Dublin and the architect was the company company .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen is part of Marriott International .
the construction of Adare Manor , with architectural design by George Richard Pain , was completed in 1862 .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Adisham Hall is in  Haputale, Sri Lanka  and built in the Tudor Revival style .
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka is Tudor Revival .
Japan , home to the Brazilians , is also home to the Akita Museum of Art , founded and located in ENTITY-4 .
the address of Akita Musuem of Art is  1-4-2 Nakadori  and has 3 floors .
Amdavad ni Gufa address is  Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road  , and the Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leader .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City where Brooklyn is a part .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick .
3Arena is located in Dublin which is a part of the Republic of Ireland .
1 Decembrie 1918 University ( nickname Uab ) is located in the state of Alba .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore and the president is  B.M. Reddy  .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the ` Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , which has Kochi as its leader .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of Contributing property .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to  Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku  .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known locally as  Türk Şehitleri Anıtı  ) has been dedicated to  Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku  .
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014-15 in 2014-15 season and has 27250 members .
 Verona, Italy  is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members .
Rolando Maran , born in Italy , has managed AC Chievo Verona .
A.D. Isidro Metapán 's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for the club FC Dallas .
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014 – 15 .
Stuart Parker , who plays for Blackburn Rovers FC has been manager at AFC Blackpool .
Stuart Parker was once a manager at AFC Blackpool and a footballer for Irlam Town Football Club .
A.F.C . Fylde ground is in Lancashire and they have 3180 members .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio , A.S. Gubbio club have 5300 members .
A.S. Livorno Calcio 's ground is in Livorno and this club plays in Serie
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma .
the manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa , who plays for Juventus
ACF Fiorentina fullname is  ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.  and they have 47290 members .
AEK Athens F.C has 69618 members and its ground is in Greece .
AEK Athens compete in the Superleague Greece are previous champions and home ground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) 's ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , where Jong Ajax is a tenant .
AZAL PFK in  Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan  is the ground of the AZAL Arena .
Akron Summit Assault , has 3000 members , and played in the 2011 PDL season .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio , the county seat of which is Umbria .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which has Pietro Grasso .
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli
the comment to win Aaron S. Daggett is Purple Heart .
the comment to win Aaron S. Daggett is Purple Heart .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Kingdom of Sarawak .
Minna , which is the county of Abdulsalami Abubakar , has the title of Technical Institute, Kaduna .
the chaiter of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Niger State .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
World War II was created by Joseph Stalin . the county of Joseph Stalin is Abner W. Sibal .
United States Army is located within the Korean War .
Kent , which is the county of Adam Holloway , has the title of Magdalene College, Cambridge .
Kent , which is the county of Adam Holloway , has the title of Gravesend .
the comment to win Adam Koc is Virtuti Militari .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
Adonis Georgiadis is located within Athens .
the country of Adonis Georgiadis is Greece .
the chaiter of Agnes Kant is Hessisch Oldendorf .
the comment to win Airey Neave is Military Cross .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is Battle of France .
Battle of France was created by Hugo Sperrle . the county of Hugo Sperrle is Airey Neave .
Knightsbridge , which is the county of Airey Neave , has the title of World War II .
World War II was created by Franklin D. Roosevelt . the county of Franklin D. Roosevelt is Airey Neave .
World War II was created by Joseph Stalin . the county of Joseph Stalin is Airey Neave .
the county seat of Albert B. White is September 22, 1856 .
the county seat of Albert B. White is September 22, 1856 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and it is Doña Ana County, New Mexico .
the chaiter of Albert Jennings Fountain is New Mexico Territory .
Albert Jennings Fountain is located within New York City .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Alfons Gorbach is Austria .
the chaiter of Alfons Gorbach is Austria .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Daniel Gould Fowle is Princeton University .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Connecticut .
the chaiter of United States Army is American Civil War .
World War II was created by Joseph Stalin . the county of Joseph Stalin is Allan Shivers .
the chaiter of Allan Shivers is Lufkin, Texas .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of Alvah Sabin is October 23, 1793 .
Agnes Kant is in Netherlands where the currency is the Euro .
Agnes Kant is located in Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte .
Parkersburg, West Virginia , which is the creators of Albert B. White , is a dish found in the United States .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Walter Baade is German Empire .
the nationality of Walter Baade is Germany .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the nationality of James Craig Watson is Canada .
the chaiter of N. R. Pogson is Nottingham .
the county seat of 1089 Tama is  A919 HA; 1927 WB;  .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of 10 Hygiea is  A900 GA  .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
AIDA Cruises is in Germany , whose leader is AIDAstella .
AIDA Cruises is in Rostock , whose leader is AIDAluna .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of AMC Matador is Richard A. Teague .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located within Argentina .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Alvis Car and Engineering Company is Coventry .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina where the leader is Gabriela Michetti .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Airbus Group is the county seat of Airbus Defence and Space .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Audi is Audi e-tron .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland .
General Dynamics is the county seat of General Dynamics Electric Boat .
Rolls-Royce Holdings owns MTU Friedrichshafen .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , which has African American as one of its ethnic groups .
Chorizo is the capital of Mexico where Albany is a leader .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States , where the leader is United States .
Wheeler , Texas is located in the United States , which is a part of Texas .
Anaheim is part of California which is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Anaheim is part of California and is the location of the United States .
Anderson is located within Adams County , United States .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Texas is located in the United States which is a part of Taylor County , Texas .
Atlanta is part of  Georgia  and is found in the
Atlantic City is in the United States which is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States and the capital is Washington
Atlantic County , New Jersey is in the United States which is part of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Washington is part of Pierce County in the United States .
Albany is part of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC .
Washington is the capital of the United States where Wheeler , is a traditional dish .
Albuquerque ( in the United States one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is part of Albany .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is the country of Ireland .
Akron is located in the United States , in which English is the main language .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States , where the leader is known as the President .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
written by Virginia DeMarce , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , is available as an E-Book .
AIP Advances , abbreviated to  AIP Adv.  , has the county of 2158 .
J.V . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice which was produced in  Print  .
A Fortress of Grey Ice has  672  pages and it 's ISBN number is  0-7653-0633-6  .
the author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys and is a prequel to Weymouth Sands .
the OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 and it was published in  Print & Paperback  .
A Long Long Way , ISBN  0-670-03380-4  , has  292  pages .
A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press , whose parent company is Penguin Random House .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is in  Print  .
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of ``  0-374-26131-8  '' and an OCLC number of 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp , with OCLC number 8805735 is available in hardcover .
A Severed Wasp is in English , the language that is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number of ``  0-374-26131-8  '' and is available in  Print  .
Albert Uderzo is the founder of Springer Science and Business Media , which publishes Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number  0-439-92550-9  .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number  0-439-92550-9  and the OCLC number 78771100 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by the Scrivener written by Brandon Sanderson .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to  Am. J. Math.  ) comes under the discipline of Math .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press which published the American Journal of Mathematics .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , which counts African Americans among its ethnic groups .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which includes many Asian Americans .
Peter Laird is an American who created the comic character Balder .
Bananaman , starring Jill Shilling , is broadcast by the BBC .
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman , broadcasted by  STV  .
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman .
the first appearance in a film for Baymax was the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk .
the first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit .
Steven T. Seagle created Baymax , a character in the film Big Hero 6 .
Ben Urich , full  Benjamin Urich  , was created by the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman .
Bibbo , otherwise known as  Bo Bibbowski  , was created by Marv Wolfman .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy .
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader .
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy , is chili pepper .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain .
Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from , a dish of  Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce  .
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia .
BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
Bacon is the main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion but sausage is also an ingredient .
A bacon sandwich can also be known as  Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin  . The bacon sandwich always includes bacon .
Bread is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich and the BLT is an variation .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is an dish from France .
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is an dish found in the
a variant of Bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as a ingredient .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which is an dish from Indonesia .
Bakso contain celery , which is in Haarlemmermeer .
Chicharrón is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa , part of Colombia .
Barny Cakes can be found in France , where Claude Bartolone leads .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is an food found in Indonesia .
Batagor and Siomay are variations of a dish that contains peanut sauce .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Beef kway teow contains palm sugar .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader .
Beef kway teow is commonly found in  Singapore and Indonesia  .  Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil  are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow .
Bhajji comes from India where the residents are known as the Indian people .
Bhajji originates from India where T. S. Thakur is the leader .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredient of binignit , found in the Philippines , is banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region .
Bionico is a dessert ( as is cake ) .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader .
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake .
Alan Bean , born on March 15, 1932 , is now  Retired  .
Alan Shepard is  Deceased  and served as a test pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20, 1930 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge located in the Essex County in New Jersey .
William Anders , a crew member of Apollo 8 , was born in British Hong Kong .
William Anders has  Retired  but William Anders graduated from  AFIT, M.S. 1962  .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder .
Jorge Orosmán da Silva , who manages Peñarol , plays for Abel Hernández .
Abel Hernández is in Peñarol and plays for U.S. Città di Palermo .
Adam Maher is in the AZ Alkmaair , who plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team .
Adam Maher is in Netherlands national under-17 football team and plays for PSV Eindhoven .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in Al Shorta SC and plays for Steel Azin F.C. .
Thomas Doll , who manages Ferencvárosi TC , plays for Akeem Adams .
Akeem Adams is in T&TEC Sports Club and plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the county seat of Akeem Dent is September 27, 1987 .
Akeem Priestley is in Connecticut Huskies and plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Akeem Priestley is in RoPS and plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in Al-Khor Sports Club whose county is Al Khor .
Amar Osim , who manages Al Kharaitiyat SC , plays for Alaa Abdul-Zahra .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in Hamilton Academical F.C. and plays for Leeds United F.C. .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in Hamilton Academical F.C. whose county is New Douglas Park .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is in Florida Panthers whose county is September 2, 1995 .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in  Tampere, Finland  and plays for Florida Panthers .
Valery Petrakov , who manages FC Torpedo Moscow , plays for Aleksandr Chumakov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Kuban Krasnodar and plays for FC Spartak Moscow .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk and Russian Football National League .
Aleksandre Guruli is in FC Dinamo Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv .
the chaiter of Alex Plante is Manitoba .
Alex Tyus is in Pallacanestro Cantù whose county is January 8, 1988 .
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. and Turkish Basketball Super League .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba where the leader is Conservative Party of Canada .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the leader is O Canada .
English , which is the county of Canada , is known as Adam McQuaid .
Levan Khomeriki , who manages FC Dinamo Batumi , plays for Aleksandre Guruli .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in FC Spartak Moscow whose county is Otkrytiye Arena .
Akeem Priestley played for RoPS and Veikkausliiga .
Akeem Adams is in United Petrotrin F.C. whose county is Palo Seco Velodrome .
 Aarhus Lufthavn A/S  is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of the meters .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at  Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas  and is elevated Tranmere metres above sea level .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at  Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas  and its runway length is HOK .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
Al Asad Airbase is located in  Al Anbar Province, Iraq  and has a runway length of C.D .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq , where one of the languages used Arabic .
The USAF was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad Airbase .
the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which is class as a Monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from asphalt and has a length of Wellington .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of property .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of the peso of Westminster .
the runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is Scott .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city .
The Angola International Airport serves Luanda and has runway length of Arepa .
the runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is the region and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet in length .
the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines ( Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan hub ) , the headquarters of which are located Turkmenistan .
Atlantic City International Airport can be found in Egg Harbor Township in the United States .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has the runway name  4/22  .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport , where the runway length is Arrondissement .
Infraero is located in Brasilia and operates the Afonso Pena International Airport .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Katowice , which is the county of Abradab , has the title of November 12, 1978 .
the chaiter of Abradab is Katowice .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
the chaiter of Agustín Barboza is Paraguay .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Uruguay , which is the county of Alfredo Zitarrosa , has the title of Montevideo .
Montevideo , which is the county of Alfredo Zitarrosa , has the title of Uruguay .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
PATIENT-1 is made with PATIENT-2 .
Polydor Records is in London .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland is located in Ticino . It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff .
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka ,  India  . The institute has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is located  In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.  .
Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore ,  India  is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has  B.M. Reddy  as President . the campus is located at  In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.  .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . Denmark has a Monarch European University Association leader and its religion is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its relion is the Church of Denmark .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association ( which has the European University Association in Brussels ) . Its dean is  Thomas Pallesen  and the leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The Ganges flows through India where the largest city is Mumbai and the AWH Engineering College is located . The college was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala in the state of Kochi .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is to be found in Romania . the country 's ethnic group is Germans of Romania , the capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis . the patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 . It has 16000 students and 737 academic staff . Denmark 's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Seminary Ridge ,  United States  ,  Pennsylvania  . It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property .
Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . southeast is Carrol County , Maryland and Frederick County is to the southwest . 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the category of Contributing property .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Artur Rasizade is the leader . Baku is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial made of  Red granite and white marble  and dedicated to  Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku  .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to  Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku  . The memorial was designed in  Red granite and white marble  by  Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner  and is known locally as  Türk Şehitleri Anıtı  .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , which was established on July 11, 1907 , is in the Historic district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county region in  Maryland  ,  United States  .
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15, 1932 . He was a test pilot and spent  100305.0 (minutes) in space . He is now  Retired  .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA , with Alfred Worden as the backup pilot and David Scott . Alan Bean retired in  June 1981  .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot and as crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20, 1930 . He graduated from  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  and was a crew member on NASA operated Apollo 11 . William Anders was a backup pilot of Apollo 11 .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew which was operated by NASA where William Anders was the backup pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey . He graduated  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  and was selected to work for NASA 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot and as crew member on Apollo 11 .
Dianne Feinstein represents the state of California , where one can find the gemstone Benitoite , as a senator . Alan Shepard recently died there . Alan Shepard was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy , a award higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated  AFIT, M.S. 1962  and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8 . He retired on September 1, 1969 .
the three members of NASA Apollo 8 were Frank Borman , backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and William Anders . He was born in British Hong Kong and retired more than 60 years later on September 1, 1969 .
William Anders graduated from  AFIT, M.S. 1962  and went on to become a crew member of the Apollo 8 mission . Frank Borman accompanied him and is now  Retired  . the back up pilot was NASA . Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
the 250 Delaware Avenue style of architecture is the Federal Assembly .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Street .
1910 was the start date for the building at 320 South Boston Building .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms .
 James Pain and George Richard Pain,  are the architects of Adare Manor .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
the owner of Alan B Miller Hall is the College of William and Mary .
the address of Amdavad ni Gufa is  Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road  .
the reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is  88002539  .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is designed on the architecture style of ``  Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows  '' .
Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City .
Buffalo , New York is a part of Erie County New York .
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York .
County Limerick is part of Munster .
Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
Malatu Teshome is a leader of Ethiopia .
Indians is the name given to people from India .
Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Live Nation Entertainment is in Beverly Hills, California .
Manhattan is part of New York .
New York City was a part of New Netherland .
Pacific Grove , California is part of California .
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the state of Alba .
 B.M. Reddy  is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest .
Mendrisio neighbours Meride .
Bucharest is the capital of Romania .
the dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is  Thomas Pallesen  .
The School of Business and Social Sciences has 16000 students enrolled .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan .
Azerbaijan 's leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
the native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is  Türk Şehitleri Anıtı  .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran .
A.D. Isidro Metapán is in the Purple Finch league .
the fullname of A.F.C . Blackpool is  Association Football Club Blackpool 
AFC Blackpool play area is  The Mechanics,  .
AFC Blackpool 's ground is located in Blackpool .
the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio .
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
AEK ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens F.C . played in the 2014-15 region .
AZAL Arena is located in Baku .
The AZAL PFK competes in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
AZ Alkmaar is playing in the Eredivisie Eredivisie .
the country of Akron , Ohio , is United States .
Akron is located in Summit County , Ohio .
the full name of Akron Summit Assault is ``  Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault  '' .
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam .
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea
Christian Panucci once played for Inter Milan .
Frank de Boer is attached to FC Barcelona .
Gubbio has former Umbria .
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy .
Jens Härtel has represented FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the club FC Dallas .
Luciano Spalletti has been associated with Udinese Calcio .
Massimo Drago played for A.S.D .
Michele Marcolini is part of the Atalanta BC club .
Michele Marcolini is in the Vicenza Calcio club .
Peter Stöger is in the 1 club .
Rolando Maran has been associated with F.C .
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst .
St. Vincent-St . Mary High School is in the United States .
the comment to win Aaron S. Daggett is Purple Heart .
the chaiter of Aaron S. Daggett is Battle of Mine Run .
the chaiter of Ab Klink is  Stellendam, Netherlands  .
the chaiter of Abdul Rahman Yakub is Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman .
the chaiter of Abdul Taib Mahmud is  Parti Bumiputera Sarawak  .
the chaiter of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
the chaiter of Abdulsalami Abubakar is May 29, 1999 .
the chaiter of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Minna .
the chaiter of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Niger State .
the chaiter of Abner W. Sibal is January 3, 1965 .
the chaiter of Abner W. Sibal is Alexandria, Virginia .
the chaiter of Adam Holloway is Kent .
the chaiter of Adam Holloway is Gravesend .
the chaiter of Adenan Satem is University of Adelaide .
the chaiter of Adolf Schärf is Mikulov .
the chaiter of Adonis Georgiadis is Antonis Samaras .
the chaiter of Adonis Georgiadis is  Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping  .
the chaiter of Agnes Kant is Hessisch Oldendorf .
the chaiter of Agnes Ward White is Marietta, Ohio .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is June 30, 1953 .
the comment to win Airey Neave is Military Cross .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is  Knightsbridge, London  .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is Lieutenant colonel .
the chaiter of Airey Neave is 1935 .
the chaiter of Albert B. White is Republican Party (United States) .
the chaiter of Albert B. White is Agnes Ward White .
the chaiter of Albert Jennings Fountain is Union Army .
the nationality of Alberto Teisaire is Argentina .
the chaiter of Alberto Teisaire is  Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy  .
the chaiter of Alfons Gorbach is Austria .
the chaiter of Alfred Moore Scales is March 4, 1875 .
the chaiter of Alfred Moore Scales is Battle of Chancellorsville .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Darien, Connecticut .
the chaiter of Alfred N. Phillips is Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut .
the chaiter of Allan Shivers is January 21, 1947 .
the chaiter of Allan Shivers is United States Army .
the chaiter of Allan Shivers is Price Daniel .
the chaiter of Alvah Sabin is March 4, 1853 .
the chaiter of Alvah Sabin is Whig Party (United States) .
the chaiter of American Civil War is Robert E. Lee .
Austrian German , is the county seat of Austria .
the chaiter of Battle of Antietam is Robert E. Lee .
the chaiter of Battle of Cold Harbor is American Civil War .
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires .
the chaiter of Gulf War is Colin Powell .
the chaiter of John F. Kennedy is Dwight D. Eisenhower .
the chaiter of Josef Klaus is University of Vienna .
the chaiter of Juan Carlos I of Spain is Francisco Franco .
the chaiter of Juan Perón is Labour Party (Argentina) .
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands .
the chaiter of United States Army is Spanish–American War .
the chaiter of William M. O. Dawson is Bloomington, Maryland .
the chaiter of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 2.0 (gramPerCubicCentimetres) .
the chaiter of (29075) 1950 DA is Carl A. Wirtanen .
the chaiter of (410777) 2009 FD is 22.1 .
the chaiter of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 (kilometres) .
the chaiter of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 (kilometres) .
the chaiter of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 .
the chaiter of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 (kilometrePerSeconds) .
the county seat of 1001 Gaussia is  1923 OAA907 XC  .
the chaiter of 1001 Gaussia is 165.0 (kelvins) .
the chaiter of 101 Helena is 441092000.0 (kilometres) .
the chaiter of 101 Helena is December 31, 2006 .
the chaiter of 101 Helena is 3.0 (kilograms) .
the chaiter of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 (kilometrePerSeconds) .
the chaiter of 103 Hera is 7.66 .
the chaiter of 103 Hera is 7.9 (kilograms) .
the chaiter of 107 Camilla is 7.08 .
the chaiter of 107 Camilla is A. Storrs .
the county seat of 1089 Tama is  A894 VA; A904 VD;  .
the chaiter of 1089 Tama is 1202.846 (days) .
the chaiter of 1097 Vicia is 17.92 (kilometrePerSeconds) .
the chaiter of 1097 Vicia is December 31, 2006 .
the chaiter of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0 .
the chaiter of 109 Felicitas is Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters .
the chaiter of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000.0 .
the chaiter of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 (kilometrePerSeconds) .
the chaiter of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0 .
the chaiter of 110 Lydia is December 31, 2006 .
the chaiter of 11264 Claudiomaccone is 173.0 (kelvins) .
the chaiter of James Craig Watson is University of Michigan .
the chaiter of N. R. Pogson is Nottingham .
the alternative name for 1955 Dodge is ``  Dodge Coronet  '' .
the chaiter of 1955 Dodge is 230 (cubic inches) .
the chaiter of A-Rosa Luna is April 7, 2005 .
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock .
the chaiter of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises .
the chaiter of AIDAstella is March 16, 2013 .
the cost of AIDAstella is March 11, 2013 .
the chaiter of AIDAstella is March 17, 2013 .
the chaiter of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises .
the chaiter of ALV X-1 is Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
the alternative name for AMC Matador is ``  American Motors Matador  '' .
the chaiter of ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is  Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948  .
the chaiter of Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is Straight-four engine .
the chaiter of Acura TLX is Honda K engine .
the chaiter of Acura TLX is AWD (vehicle) .
the chaiter of Acura TLX is Honda Accord .
the chaiter of Acura TLX is  9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6)  .
the chaiter of Alfa Romeo 164 is Arese .
the chaiter of Alfa Romeo 164 is Lancia Thema .
the chaiter of Alfa Romeo 164 is  4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE)  .
the chaiter of Alhambra is Samuda Brothers .
the chaiter of Alhambra is 8.3 m .
the chaiter of Alhambra is  Wrecked  .
the chaiter of Alhambra is 18.52 .
the chaiter of Alvis Speed 25 is Straight-six engine .
the chaiter of Alvis Speed 25 is 1937 .
the chaiter of American submarine NR-1 is 4.6 m .
the chaiter of Antares (rocket) is October 28, 2014 .
the chaiter of Antares (rocket) is Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina .
the chaiter of Ariane 5 is Guiana Space Centre .
the chaiter of Ariane 5 is August 11, 2005 .
the chaiter of Aston Martin V8 is Convertible .
the chaiter of Aston Martin V8 is Aston Martin .
the chaiter of Aston Martin Virage is Aston Martin .
the chaiter of Atlas II is March 16, 1998 .
the chaiter of Atlas II is Vandenberg Air Force Base .
the county seat of Audi is August Horch .
the chaiter of Audi A1 is Audi Brussels .
the chaiter of Audi A1 is SEAT Ibiza .
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois .
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa .
the chaiter of DeSoto Custom is Chrysler Newport .
the chaiter of Fiat Croma is Alfa Romeo 164 .
the county seat of Germany is Germans .
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany .
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany .
the county seat of Gruppo Bertone is Giovanni Bertone .
the chaiter of Guiana Space Centre is Kourou, French Guiana .
the chaiter of Honda K engine is Honda .
the area county seat of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
the area codes for Albany , Georgia are 229 .
Albany is part of the United States .
in Albuquerque , the leader is called , a Mayor .
New Mexico , leads Colwyn .
City , New Mexico is the Senate leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Amarillo has a total area of 233.9 (square kilometres) .
Amarillo is part of Williamson County , Texas .
Anderson is part of the New Mexico , .
Angola is located at 324.0 above sea level .
the area codes for Antioch are 925 .
Antioch is part of California .
the population density of Tarrant County , Texas is 1472.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre) .
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta .
Atlantic City , New Jersey has an area of 44.125 (square kilometres) .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey .
Attica is located at 166.0 above sea level .
Wizards , Nebraska is a part of Lee , Alabama .
Alabama has a total area of 77.41 (square kilometres) .
Austin is part of Texas .
one of languages spoken in California is Spanish .
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in DeKalb County , Georgia .
Fulton County , Georgia is located within the United States .
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County , Indiana .
Michigan is found in the United States .
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan .
President is located within the United States .
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in Spain .
the largest city of Tarrant County , Texas is United States House .
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States .
The United States House of Representatives is located in United States Capitol .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number  1-4165-2060-0  .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in  Print  .
AIDS ( journal ) is from the United Kingdom .
the OCLC number for A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 .
A Glastonbury Romance can be found in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is written in English .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg can be located by the ISSN number ``  0025-5858  '' .
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil .
Above the Veil was produced in  Print  .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number  0567-7920  .
Addiction ( journal ) has the LCCN number 93645978 .
Addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
English is the language spoken in Aenir .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English .
The American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Math .
English is a language spoken in the novel Castle .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
one of John Cowper Powys notable works is A Glastonbury Romance .
Soho Press is located in the United States .
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber .
there is an ethnic group of Asian Americans in the United States .
English is the language of the United States .
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance .
The comic character , Balder , was created by Albert Uderzo .
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC .
the full name of Ben Urich is ``  Benjamin Urich  '' .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
Bibbo Bibbowski is otherwise known as  Bo Bibbowski  .
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire .
 Jon Valor  is also known as The Black Pirate .
John Buscema has been awarded the Eisner Award .
Karl Kesel nationality is American .
Marv Wolfman was awarded Kirby Award .
the nationality of Peter Laird is United States .
Scott Adsit was born in Illinois .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
White rice is an ingredient of Arros negre .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore .
Tomato is an ingredient of BLT .
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong .
Bakewell pudding can be served  Warm or cold  .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombia .
Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region .
the chaiter of Barny Cakes is paneer .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
Batagor has the main ingredients :  fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce  .
Shrimp is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia .
 Bhaji, bajji  are alternative names for Bhajji .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit .
Bionico can be by using cottage cheese .
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region .
chicken is a class member of a bird .
The Indian rupee is the currency in India .
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India .
the language of Indonesia is Indonesian .
Jalisco 's leader name is paneer .
The Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java .
Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the name of the leader of Mexico .
Spanish is a language in New York .
Shumai is a dish in China .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay .
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom .
the nationality of Alan Bean is United States .
Apollo 8 's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963  .
Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Buzz Aldrin was selected by Nasa in 1963 .
California is well known for the gemstone Beintoite .
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966 .
Elliot See is died in St. Louis .
Elliot See passed away in  Deceased  .
the chairman of A.C. Milan is Silvio Berlusconi .
the chaiter of Aaron Boogaard is Canada .
Aaron Hunt is in the SV Werder Bremen .
Abel Hernández is in the Uruguay Olympic football team .
Abel Hernández is in the Uruguay national football team .
Abner (footballer) is located within Brazil .
the chaiter of Adam Maher is Diemen .
the chaiter of Adam Maher is Netherlands .
Adam Maher is in the Netherlands national under-17 football team .
Adam Maher is in the PSV Eindhoven .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Iraq national football team .
the chaiter of Akeem Adams is Point Fortin .
the chaiter of Akeem Dent is Atlanta Falcons .
Akeem Priestley is in the Connecticut Huskies .
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League .
the manager of Al-Zawraa SC is Basim Qasim .
the chaiter of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Qatar Stars League .
the chaiter of Alaa Abdul-Zahra is Baghdad .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Sanat Mes Kerman F.C. .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in the Hamilton Academical F.C. .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in the Scotland national under-19 football team .
the county seat of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is September 2, 1995 .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is in the Florida Panthers .
the chaiter of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905 .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League .
the county seat of Aleksandr Prudnikov is February 24, 1989 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Amkar Perm .
the chaiter of Aleksandre Guruli is Batumi .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the FC Samtredia .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the Georgia national under-21 football team .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the A.S. Roma .
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for A.S. Roma .
the chaiter of Alex Plante is Manitoba .
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League .
Atlanta Falcons is located within Brussels .
the chaiter of Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney .
Budapest is located within Hungary .
Canada is located within English .
Slavey language , is the county seat of Canada .
Columbus, Ohio is the county seat of Columbus Blue Jackets .
the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny .
the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov .
the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov .
Finnish language , is the county seat of Finland .
the chaiter of Italy national under-16 football team is Daniele Zoratto .
the chaiter of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is Zvi Sherf .
Fir Park is the county seat of Motherwell F.C. .
Jean-Michel Aulas owns Olympique Lyonnais .
St. Louis Rams is located within St. Louis .
Nashville, Tennessee is the county seat of Tennessee Titans .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located at  Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas  .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport runway name is ``  18L/36R  '' .
the ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International airport is  SBCT  .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
the length of the runway at Al-Taqaddum air base is Chinese .
 14/32  is the runway name of Alderney Airport .
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of Javanese .
18 is the number of the first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
the 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is  Asphalt  .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is  06/24 Kaagbaan  .
Andrews County Airport is American above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
the runway length of Andrews County Airport is Batak .
the 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from  Asphalt  .
the elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Antwerp International Airport is Mexico .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government which has full jurisdiction .
the runway length of Appleton International Airport is Harcourt .
the runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is the peso .
the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is  UTAA  .
Ashgabat International Airport has the runway name  11/29  .
The Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is  13/31  .
Dutch is one of the languages spoken in Belgium .
Curitiba is part of the South Region , Brazil .
the demonym for people living in Denmark is Danes .
Fallujah is located in Iraq .
Greenville , Wisconsin is located in the United States .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Arabic is one of the languages that is spoken in Iraq .
Madrid is a city in Spain .
The Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
 play in the bombing of Libya in 1986 .
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in United States Air Force .
the chaiter of Aaron Bertram is 1998 .
the chaiter of Aaron Deer is The Horns of Happiness .
the chaiter of Aaron Deer is Kill Rock Stars .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Avant-garde metal .
the county seat of Aaron Turner is Progressive metal .
the chaiter of Abradab is  solo singer  .
the county seat of Abradab is November 12, 1978 .
the birth place of Abradab is Poland .
the county seat of Abradab is Hip hop music .
the county seat of Agustín Barboza is Guarania (music) .
the chaiter of Ahmet Ertegun is  Istanbul, Turkey  .
the county seat of Alan Frew is Rock music .
the chaiter of Albennie Jones is Sammy Price .
the chaiter of Aleksandra Kovač is  solo singer  .
the chaiter of Aleksandra Kovač is Yugoslavia .
the county seat of Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues .
the county seat of Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music .
the county seat of Alex Day is Synthpop .
the chaiter of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Héctor Numa Moraes .
the chaiter of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo .
the chaiter of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Uruguay .
the chaiter of Alfredo Zitarrosa is RCA Records .
the chaiter of Alison ODonnell is 1963 .
the county seat of Alison ODonnell is Jazz .
the chaiter of Alison ODonnell is  Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp  .
the county seat of Allen Forrest is February 4, 1981 .
the county seat of Allen Forrest is Pop music .
Alligator Records is in Chicago .
the chaiter of Anders Osborne is Johnny Sansone .
the county seat of Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues .
the chaiter of Anders Osborne is Alligator Records .
the county seat of Andra (singer) is Rhythm and blues .
the county seat of Andrew Rayel is 2009 .
the chaiter of Andrew Rayel is Christian Burns .
the chaiter of Andrew Rayel is  Chișinău, Moldova  .
the chaiter of Andrew White (musician) is Marry Banilow .
the chaiter of Andrew White (musician) is B-Unique Records .
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción .
the chaiter of Christian Burns is Guitar .
the chaiter of Hip hop music is Gangsta rap .
the chaiter of Hip hop music is Funk .
the chaiter of Indie rock is New wave music .
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester .
Polydor Records is in London .
the chaiter of RCA Records is Sony Music Entertainment .
the chaiter of Rock and roll is Blues .
the chaiter of Synthpop is Pop music .
the demonym for natives of the United Kingdom is British people .
