the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of united states .
united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
akron , ohio is in united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , where the capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by united states house of representatives in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , in united states .
anaheim , california is part of california , which is lead by united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , in united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
antioch , california , which is located at 13 . 0 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas , 184 . 0 , has a total area of 258 . 2 square metres .
arlington , texas is in texas , in united states .
atlanta is in united states which is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states which is the location of albany , oregon .
amarillo , texas is located in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is a dish from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is a dish from united states where english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states where the leader is called president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia , in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of the country is new mexico senate and it has 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is located in fulton county , georgia , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states , which is part of georgia and has asian americans as an ethnic group .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and alpharetta , georgia is located .
anaheim , california , which has - 7 , has an area of 657 , 714 square metres and a total area of 131 . 6 square metres .
anaheim , california is in california state capitol , california , which is lead by california state senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states , indiana .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
united states house of representatives is the leader of san francisco bay area where antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas is located in fort worth , texas , tarrant county , texas , united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and atlanta is located .
the population of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( square metres ) and has 404 floors and a total area of 347 . 1 square metres .
newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey where the largest city is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the city of atlantic county , new jersey , united states , new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington , united states , the capital of which is olympia , washington .
atlanta is the capital of georgia , part of dougherty county , georgia and is the location of albany , georgia .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in alexandria , indiana which is part of madison county , indiana in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where trenton , new jersey is the capital and united states is the capital .
arlington , texas is in texas where english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is located in fountain county , indiana , united states , which capital is washington , d . c . .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , fountain county , indiana , attica , indiana states .
akron , ohio is located in united states , where english language is spoken and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
akron , ohio is located in united states , summit county , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon , united states , which includes asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
angola , indiana is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are asian americans .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in albany , georgia which is part of the georgia region . the country is the location of united states where english language is spoken .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . it has a total area of 1142 . 3 square metres and a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres .
atlanta is the location of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of georgia , united states , fulton county , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas is located in united states , potter county , texas , texas , where the capital is austin , texas .
california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california where spanish language is spoken . california is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana , which is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , has a population density of 523 . 9 and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . the airport is located at 268 . 0 and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in united states in the u . s . and has a total area of 16 . 55 square metres .
antioch , california , with an area of - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres and has a total area of 102372 square kilometres . it has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 , is lead by mayors of atlantic city , new jersey and has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the airport has an area of 609 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is located in the state of alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , asian americans .
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in king county , washington .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington and king county , washington .
austin , texas is located in san marcos , texas , texas , houston , hays county , texas states .
anaheim , california is the leader of california where chinese language is spoken . the leader of california is california state assembly and california state capitol is located in the country .
georgia is found in the atlanta region of united states , alpharetta , georgia , fulton county , georgia .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana , part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
arlington , texas is located in texas , which is part of united states in united states . the country ' s spoken is english language .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , benton county , oregon , where african americans is an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the leader is john sanchez the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is lead by new mexico senate .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in benton county , oregon . the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
mayor of albuquerque is a leader in albuquerque , new mexico where the leader is mayor of albuquerque the country is the location of united states which has an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is a dish from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of indiana .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana and is where english language is spoken .
president of the united states is the leader of albany , georgia , part of georgia , where americans is the leader . the country is the location of united states which is part of the u . s . .
georgia is the largest city in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the largest city is fulton county , georgia and the largest city is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of texas in united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in united states . it has a total population of 523 . 9 people and a population of 107 . 43 .
san francisco bay area is the location of antioch , california which is part of contra costa county , california in california where english language is spoken and california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader .
atlanta ( part of dekalb county , georgia ) has a total area of 344 . 9 square metres and has a total area of 1299 . 0 square kilometres . it is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
attica , indiana , united states , has a total area of 783 . 1 square metres and a total area of 4 . 14 square metres . the airport is 166 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . . the capital of alabama is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans .
auburn , washington is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states states . it has a total population of 914 . 8 people and a total population of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
round rock , texas is the largest city in texas where english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in georgetown , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas , new jersey , where english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in hays county , texas and english language is spoken .
hays county , texas is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston and spanish language is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in san marcos , texas .
alexandria , indiana is part of united states in indiana . indianapolis is the capital of united states and english americans is one of the ethnic groups in the country .
fort worth , texas is the county seat of arlington , texas and is the location of tarrant county , texas which is located in the city of houston , where spanish language is spoken .
arlington , texas is located in texas , united states , united states . the capital of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas and the capital is austin , texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where white americans is the largest city . the city is the location of new jersey which is located in the city of atlantic city , new jersey , where the largest city is atlantic city , new jersey .
americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the capital city is washington , d . c . the country is the location of albany , oregon which is located in linn county , oregon , linn county , oregon .
albany , oregon is located in united states , which is part of oregon . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the americans .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of steuben county , indiana , where english language is spoken and angola , indiana is spoken .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of lee county , alabama in alabama . the country is the location of auburn , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , a country where auburn , alabama is located . it is located in opelika , alabama , lee county , alabama , alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states which is part of the state of new jersey . the capital city is newark , new jersey and the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of united states where english language is spoken . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico and the leader of the country is president of the united states .
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , where the americans are an ethnic group .
barack obama is the leader of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the country is the location of akron , ohio .
americans is the leader of united states where the leader is known as the president . president of the united states are an ethnic group in the us , where african americans is a leader .
