the comic book character april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman stars bbc .
the comic character ben urich ' s alter ego is benjamin urich .
the comic book character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the alternative name for the comic character , bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the comic character black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won eisner award .
karl kesel is an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the comic book character april o ' neil was created by peter laird , united states .
jill shilling stars in bananaman which is broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic character ben urich , also known as benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie .
the character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character bibbo bibbowski , also known as bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french people .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and first aired on 1986 - 04 - 15 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring walt disney studios motion pictures and scott adsit .
the distributor of big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , is walt disney studios motion pictures which is in baymax .
walt disney studios motion pictures is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and starred baymax .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house and is located in the city of london , broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by stv and starred steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and was created by americans and duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
baymax is a character in duncan rouleau , which was created by big hero 6 and starred alan tudyk . it was created by steven t . seagle and the americans .
