the comic book character april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman stars bbc . (id2)
the comic character ben urich ' s alter ego is benjamin urich . (id3)
the comic book character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bo bibbowski is the alternative name for the comic character , bibbo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
the comic character black pirate is also known as jon valor . (id7)
john buscema won eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is an americans . (id9)
marv wolfman won kirby award . (id10)
the nationality of peter laird is united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
the comic book character april o ' neil was created by peter laird , united states . (id13)
jill shilling stars in bananaman which is broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit . (id18)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
the comic character ben urich , also known as benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie . (id20)
the character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id21)
the comic character bibbo bibbowski , also known as bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french people . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and first aired on 1986 - 04 - 15 . (id24)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring walt disney studios motion pictures and scott adsit . (id25)
the distributor of big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , is walt disney studios motion pictures which is in baymax . (id26)
walt disney studios motion pictures is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and starred baymax . (id27)
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn . (id29)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn . (id30)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house and is located in the city of london , broadcasting house . (id31)
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by stv and starred steve bright . (id32)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and was created by americans and duncan rouleau . (id33)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id34)
baymax is a character in duncan rouleau , which was created by big hero 6 and starred alan tudyk . it was created by steven t . seagle and the americans . (id35)
