construction of 103 colmore row , birmingham , completed in 1973 , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in leinster , republic of ireland .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn and is owned by marriott international .
adare adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is vietnamese people in japan and the ethnic group is vietnamese people in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita . the country ' s ethnic groups is brazilians in japan and the country is the location of japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary and is located in williamsburg , virginia , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove , california and was built in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on avenue a and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , brooklyn states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan where asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is andrew mitchell and b postcode area is the governing body .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is labour party and b postcode area is the governing body .
india is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located . the leader of the country is anandiben patel .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
akita , akita is located in akita , akita , japan , where brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . it is also found in akita museum of art .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where london is located . the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where english is english language and the leader is joe biden the leader of the country is president of the united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property . it is located in pennsylvania , united states .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is prime minister of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the name of the name turk sehitleri aniti .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 .
turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital city is bronze .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . the leader of turkey is president of turkey .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in albany , georgia which is part of the georgia region . the country is the location of united states where english language is spoken .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . it has a total area of 1142 . 3 square metres and a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres .
atlanta is the location of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of georgia , united states , fulton county , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas is located in united states , potter county , texas , texas , where the capital is austin , texas .
california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california where spanish language is spoken . california is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana , which is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , has a population density of 523 . 9 and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . the airport is located at 268 . 0 and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in united states in the u . s . and has a total area of 16 . 55 square metres .
antioch , california , with an area of - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres and has a total area of 102372 square kilometres . it has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 , is lead by mayors of atlantic city , new jersey and has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the airport has an area of 609 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is located in the state of alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , asian americans .
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in king county , washington .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington and king county , washington .
austin , texas is located in san marcos , texas , texas , houston , hays county , texas states .
anaheim , california is the leader of california where chinese language is spoken . the leader of california is california state assembly and california state capitol is located in the country .
georgia is found in the atlanta region of united states , alpharetta , georgia , fulton county , georgia .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana , part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
arlington , texas is located in texas , which is part of united states in united states . the country ' s spoken is english language .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , benton county , oregon , where african americans is an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the leader is john sanchez the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is lead by new mexico senate .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in benton county , oregon . the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
mayor of albuquerque is a leader in albuquerque , new mexico where the leader is mayor of albuquerque the country is the location of united states which has an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is a dish from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of indiana .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana and is where english language is spoken .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel ( footballer ) who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) plays for carrarese calcio and has been manager of a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini ( born in italy ) is the manager of a . c . lumezzane he has played for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . their ground is antonis milionis in the town of athens .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . blackpool ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . and has the leader conservative party .
gordon marsden is a leader in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader . the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county f . c . .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is warton , fylde , lancashire .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their full name is bryning lane .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina he plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . .
aek athens f . c . ( which has 69618 members ) , has a ground in greece and played in superleague greece in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , owned by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax n . v . .
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( abbreviated to afc ajax ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar he plays for vitesse arnhem and netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in campeonato brasileiro serie c where the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
akron summit assault ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school , summit county , ohio , united states states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc admira wacker modling . he is affiliated with fk austria wien and is affiliated with sk vorwarts steyr .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is named saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by indian air force and is located in india . the iata location identifier of the airport is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase the usaf fought in invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 ac - 130 attack aircraft and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it is 2014 . 0 long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it is 2014 . 0 long .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews , texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in united states , where the capital is austin , texas and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in united states , where the capital is austin , texas and english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region and operated by flemish government the airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
turkmenistan airlines is the operating organisation for ashgabat international airport the airport is operated by turkmenistan and turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata . the airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in united states . the leader of egg harbor township , new jersey is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the leader is charles michel and german language is spoken .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where french language is spoken . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of harrietstown , new york , saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is fuad masum and they speak kurdish languages .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and they speak kurdish languages .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan which is the location of lahore in punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plant and belongs to the commelinids order of monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house and is located in the city of london , broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by stv and starred steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and was created by americans and duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , wrote 1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
the e - book book , 1634 : the ram rebellion , has 512 pages and was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( led by elizabeth ii ) is published in united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
j . v . jones is the author of 1634 : a fortress of grey ice which has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and is available in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is english language spoken in great britain the book originates from united states where native americans in the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in united states where english language is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the hardcover book , a wizard of mars , has 560 pages and was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 83646315 . the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly the university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language which is spoken in great britain the book originates from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in united states which is the publisher of american journal of mathematics which was published in 1878 .
english language is spoken in great britain and united states . the us includes asian americans and alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
a wizard of mars is from united states , where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars is from united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english language .
barack obama is the leader of united states where a wizard of mars is spoken . the us is also the location of english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the us navy , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he was awarded 20 by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
dianne feinstein was born in california and died in california . he was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has a ganges .
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , india . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for all india council for technical education in mumbai .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia which is part of alba county in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest .
aarhus is located in denmark . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen and the magistrate is magistrate .
awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the city of kerala which is lead by kochi and has 250 academic staff .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital city is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of the country is parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of batak in malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are malaysian malay and sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , sumatra , malays and minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich , a variation of club sandwich , which is a variation of blt .
bacon sandwich are popular in the uk . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
united states are an ethnic group in the u . s . where baked alaska is a dessert . cookie are an ethnic group from the country .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake . the dish comes from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream .
bakewell pudding ( or bakewell tart ) comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire dales , which includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine from paisa region . it contains kidney bean and red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon and hogao .
barny cakes come from france where french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the leader is gerard larcher .
batagor , a variation of siomay , is found in the indonesia . the main ingredients are shiitake .
batchoy comes from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , pork , and beef .
batchoy is soup from the philippines region of the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia in singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow is popular in indonesia and is popular in singapore and sesame oil .
bhaji , bajji is an ingredient in bhajji which is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are vegetable .
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji and originates from karnataka . the main ingredients are vegetable and gram flour , vegetables .
sweet potato is part of the order of solanales and flowering plant . it is an ingredient in binignit along with sago .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains granola .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . cookie is a dessert .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the leader of java is tony tan and the ethnic group is baduy .
batchoy comes from the philippines , where zamboangans is spoken and the ethnic group is ilocano people and the language spoken is philippine spanish .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the ethnic groups are zamboangans and igorot people .
cookie is a dessert dish from philippines where philippine english is spoken . it is also a dessert .
sandesh is a dessert found in philippines where philippine english is spoken . the binignit is also a dessert .
aaron hunt is attached to sv werder bremen and plays for sv werder bremen ii and alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is affiliated with hull city a . f . c . and is affiliated with central espanol .
abel hernandez is in central espanol and are managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez ( amateurs ) is in the league of serie a and play in penarol , the manager of which is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid ( born on 1986 - 10 - 12 ) was born in 1986 on the 1986 - 10 - 12 . he was born in 1986 and is in prince edward island .
don sweeney is the manager of adam mcquaid which is a member of the boston bruins b league . they play in the columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers was born in 1989 on the 1989 - 07 - 10 . he was a student of tennessee titans and died in st . louis rams .
akeem dent ( born on 1987 - 09 - 27 ) was born in atlanta , georgia on the 1987 - 09 - 27 . he was born in 1987 and became houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 1987 - 09 - 27 . he was a student at the houston texans , which is affiliated with atlanta falcons .
al kharaitiyat sc is in al - zawra ' a sc and their ground is in al khor . the club ' s ground is amar osim , he plays for alaa abdul - zahra .
alaa abdul - zahra is in iraq national under - 23 football team and plays for al kharaitiyat sc he plays for al khor and amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is in shabab al - ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc he plays for al khor and amar osim .
alan martin ( born 1989 - 01 - 01 ) has 185 . 42 members and is affiliated with hamilton academical f . c . and has been the manager of crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin , who was born in 1989 - 01 - 01 , plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and has 185 . 42 members .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of 185 . 0 operated by fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 on 1989 - 02 - 24 and has 185 . 0 floors and is part of fc spartak moscow .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , plays for fc karpaty lviv and has 178 . 0 members .
alex plante was born in canada on 1989 - 05 - 09 . he was born in 1989 and was a member of anyang halla .
alex plante ( born in canada ) was born in canada and has 1 . 9304 pages and is in anyang halla .
aaron boogaard is located in canada , where inuktitut is spoken . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the national language is o canada .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where asian canadians are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is o canada and the country is the location of aaron boogaard .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where slavey language is spoken . the country is the location of aaron boogaard which is located in canada .
aleksandr prudnikov is the manager of fc terek grozny , whose ground is in grozny , he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and plays for rashid rakhimov .
fc torpedo moscow has been the manager of aleksandr chumakov , who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league , who played for valery petrakov and aleksandr tukmanov .
texas is the location of houston texans which is affiliated with atlanta falcons and played for houston .
penarol ( amateurs ) play in uruguayan primera division which is based in the league . the champions of uruguayan primera division are hull city a . f . c . .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 8788850000 . 0 and its lccn number is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the lccn number is 6155910000000 . 0 and it is 6603633000 . 0 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) is operated by 2013 - 11 - 04 and has the lccn number of 360 . 29 . it is operated by 0 . 0999 and has the lccn number 254989570 . 60815 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 265 . 0 and an lccn number of 254989570 . 60815 and an lccn number of 360 . 29 .
2015 - 06 - 27 is the operating organisation for 1000 piazzia which has the lccn number of 352497000000 . 0 and is 0 . 0252 meters long . the lccn number is 488160 . 0 .
1001 gaussia ( 1923 oaa907 xc ) is operated by 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has the lccn number sergey belyavsky and 419113394 . 55312 .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) graduated from university of gottingen with a b . s . and is affiliated with walter baade .
1036 ganymed ( born in preussisch oldendorf ) is affiliated with halton arp and is affiliated with walter baade .
1036 ganymed ( born in west germany ) is affiliated with halton arp and is affiliated with walter baade .
103 hera ( born in madison , wisconsin ) graduated from university of michigan with a bachelor of science degree . it is affiliated with james craig watson and peritonitis .
james craig watson , 103 hera , was born in madison , wisconsin , has 437170000 . 0 as an ingredient .
103 hera ( born in madison , wisconsin ) is a member of james craig watson and peritonitis .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) is the location of 107 camilla which is based in chennai and has 479343000 . 0 as an ingredient .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , is the author of 107 camilla , which was born in nottingham and is 2001 - 03 - 01 .
2005 - 11 - 26 is the operating organisation of 1089 tama which has the alternative name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; . it has the lccn number 1202 . 846 and the lccn number 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 0 . 0068 and an lccn number of 1202 . 846 and an lccn number of 2005 - 11 - 26 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation for 1097 vicia which has the lccn number of 135589000 . 0 . it is an ingredient in 9 . 8 and has the lccn number 511592000 . 0 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation for 109 felicitas which has the lccn number of 283326000000 . 0 and is 0 . 0473 meters long . the lccn number is 139705000 . 0 .
2015 - 06 - 27 is the operating organisation of 10 hygiea which has the alternative name of a900 ga . it has the lccn number 5 . 57 and the lccn number 416136000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis ( new zealand ) is operated by 0 . 02 . it has the lccn number 2006 - 12 - 31 and the lccn number 183309000 . 0 . the lccn number is 520906000 . 0 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation of 1101 clematis which is lead by 1928 sj it has the lccn number 183309000 . 0 and the lccn number 445895000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis ( new zealand ) is operated by the 0 . 02 course . it has the lccn number 445895000000 . 0 and the lccn number 183309000 . 0 . it is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
dodge is the operating organisation of 1955 dodge which has the lccn number 3 - speed automatic . it is operated by 120 . 0 and has the lccn number v8 engine .
desoto is the parent ingredient of 1955 dodge which is part of the desoto custom family . it is the location of desoto firedome which is owned by desoto .
aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is located in rostock , which is owned by costa crociere and is owned by meyer werft .
aidastella ( owned by costa crociere ) is operated by meyer werft the airport is owned by costa crociere and has a runway length of 253260 . 0 .
alco rs - 3 ( diesel - electric transmission ) was designed by american locomotive company and is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . the airport is operated by v12 engine .
alco rs - 3 ( may 1950 - august 1956 ) has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is affiliated with v12 engine .
alco rs - 3 , located in united states , has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by american locomotive company .
montreal locomotive works is the operating organisation for alco rs - 3 which is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . it is operated by v12 engine and diesel - electric transmission .
montreal locomotive works is the parent company of alco rs - 3 which is operated by may 1950 - august 1956 it has 12 as its lccn number and four - stroke engine .
amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is located in mexico city , station wagon and amc v8 engine .
amc matador ( also known as vam classic ) is a member of the mid - size car operated by amc straight - 6 engine . it is located in kenosha , wisconsin .
acura tlx ( which is a member of the mid - size car ) , is found in marysville , ohio and is the location of the honda k engine journal . it is operated by front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive .
marysville auto plant is the operating organisation of acura tlx , which is a member of the luxury vehicle course . it is operated by v6 engine which is operated by front - engine design .
aleksey chirikov ( journal ) was designed by finland and is located in in service . it is operated by arctech helsinki shipyard and has 21 . 2 as an ingredient .
aleksey chirikov ( journal ) is located in the city of helsinki , where the leader is juha sipila and the leader is finns .
aleksey chirikov ( new zealand ) is operated by in service which is located in the city of arctech helsinki shipyard . it is operated by helsinki and has the lccn number 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is operated by lancia thema , is located in italy , which is part of saab 9000 and lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 ( fiat croma ) is the location of italy which is operated by saab 9000 and has v6 engine as an ingredient .
alhambra , wrecked , has a runway length of 63800 . 0 and is operated by 8 . 3 m . it is operated by wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company is the parent company of alvis speed 25 which was founded in coventry and has the headquarters of petrol . the airport is operated by rover company .
straight - six engine is the parent company of alvis car and engineering company which is the operating organisation for alvis speed 25 which is located in coventry . it is operated by rover company .
roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for amc matador which is the location of american motors which is affiliated with chrysler and has eagle as one of its ingredients .
general dynamics electric boat is the operating organisation for american submarine nr - 1 which was completed in 8 . 334 and served as a crew member of 3 . 8 m . it is owned by general dynamics electric boat and 1969 - 01 - 25 .
american submarine nr - 1 , which has a runway length of 45000 . 0 , is operated by 1969 - 01 - 25 and has 8 . 334 in it . 3 . 8 m is the coden code .
antares ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 ) was published in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and served as yuzhnoye design office . it was a member of the 2013 - 04 - 21 war .
yuzhnoye design office is the operating organisation for antares , which was inaugurated in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is 2013 - 04 - 21 . it was 2013 - 09 - 18 and 2013 - 09 - 18 .
aston martin is the capital of united kingdom which is the location of aston martin v8 the capital of the country is london and the capital is aston martin virage .
aston martin dbs is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which is in united kingdom . the airport is operated by aston martin rham / 1 and has the lccn number 5 . 3 .
aston martin dbs is the operating organisation for aston martin v8 which is owned by aston martin it has a lccn number of 5 . 3 and is operated by aston martin virage .
atlas ii ( born in vandenberg air force base ) is a height of 3 . 04 m and was a crew member of cape canaveral air force station and 2002 - 12 - 05 .
audi brussels is the operating organisation of audi a1 which has the lccn number of supermini and the lccn number of 1 . 2 . it is the location of front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
audi is the parent company of audi a1 which was founded in august horch and has the headquarters of audi e - tron . it is operated by ducati .
caterpillar inc . , which was founded in california , is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere , owned by aida cruises , is located in genoa and owned by meyer werft it is owned by aidastella .
antares ( united states ) is the location of delta ii which is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and cape canaveral air force station .
antares ( united states ) is found in delta ii , where cape canaveral air force station and vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 are both leaders .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy and is the location of fiat croma which has sedan as its governing body . it is also part of the opel vectra course .
alfa romeo 164 is located in milan and is the location of fiat croma which has sedan as its governing body . it is also part of the opel vectra course .
3 . 8 m is the operating organisation for general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut . it is owned by general dynamics and the operating organization is american submarine nr - 1 .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany , which is led by stanislaw tillich and a - rosa luna .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where english language is spoken and the country is the location of atlas ii , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
african americans is from united states where americans are the demonym of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
aaron bertram was created by suburban legends and ska punk . it is also known as a brian robertson and kids imagine nation .
aaron deer ( indianapolis ) was created by solo singer and psychedelia . it is also found in indiana .
aaron turner , which is singing , is made with electroacoustic music and was created by sumac and isis .
twilight are the creators of aaron turner which was built in 1995 and is served by old man gloom and post - metal .
aaron turner ( death metal ) was created by electric guitar and is located in the country of death metal . it was created by sumac and black metal .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on 1982 - 07 - 23 . he was solo singer and was born in 1982 on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder was born in sweden on 1982 - 07 - 23 . he was solo singer and was born in 1982 on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder ( born in stockholm ) was born in stockholm and served as solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ace wilder ( born in sweden ) was born in sweden and served as solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ahmet ertegun ( also known as non performing personnel ) is a dish from the country of united states and is also known as washington , d . c . . it is rhythm and blues .
ahmet ertegun is from united states , blues , where african americans are an ethnic group . it is also known as rock and roll .
albennie jones ( or rhythm and blues ) was published in 1950 and has disco as an ingredient . it is also known as blues .
the jazz , albennie jones , is served by blues , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovac ( born in belgrade ) was born in belgrade and is served by solo singer . it is now pop music .
aleksandra kovac ( born in socialist republic of serbia ) is rhythm and blues , and was created by solo singer in 1972 .
the chameleon circuit and alex day began in 2006 and was created by acoustic music and charlie mcdonnell .
alex day was first aired in 2006 and is served by electronic music . it was created by chameleon circuit and charlie mcdonnell .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 and was born in 1872 and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa is from uruguay where the leader is daniel martinez and the leader is daniel martinez .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is candombe . it was created by rca records and solo singer .
alison o ' donnell , which was first aired in 1963 , is served by flibbertigibbet and is folk music . it was created by bajik .
mellow candle are the creators of alison o ' donnell which was first aired in 1963 and is served by head south by weaving and folk music .
the jazz alison o ' donnell , which is located in london , was created by deram records and is located in london .
the jazz of alison o ' donnell , which is affiliated with deram records , is located in london and is lead by fruits de mer records .
allen forrest ( born in fort campbell ) was born in 1981 and is acoustic music . it was created in 1981 and is solo singer .
solo singer is the author of allen forrest which was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and is hip hop music .
the character alternative rock , which is made with punk rock , is a dish from the country of nu metal . the main ingredients are marry banilow .
anders osborne , which was created by tab benoit , is served by rock music and is also known as galactic .
anders osborne , which is made with blues , is located in chicago and was created by alligator records and shanachie records .
solo singer is the creator of andra , which was created in romania and is singing .
andra ( new zealand ) is made of rhythm and blues and is made from blues . the main ingredients are funk and disco .
andrew rayel , which was created by jonathan mendelsohn , is trance music , it was created in 2009 and is made with christian burns .
trance music is the distributor of andrew rayel , which is also known as house music . it was created by jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
the andrew white , which was created in 2003 and is served by marry banilow and is alternative rock . it was created by kaiser chiefs and 2003 .
the distributor of andrew white , which was created by marry banilow , is 2003 , it was created by kaiser chiefs and 2003 .
agustin barboza ( part of gran asuncion ) is the leader of asuncion ( led by juan afara ) .
banjo is the abbreviation of country music which is lead by al anderson it is also found in the the wildweeds and the wildweeds .
hip hop music , which is made with funk , is made with drum and bass and is also known as disco .
alfred garth jones ( born in england ) is part of greater manchester , where labour party is the leader .
aaron turner is the operating organisation of post - metal which is affiliated with house of low culture and has the lccn number cello . it is also known as house of low culture .
twilight ( aaron turner ) was created by electric guitar and is located in death metal . it is made with death metal and has black metal .
albennie jones ( rhythm and blues ) is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is also known as blues .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded american civil war in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded battle of the wilderness in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya , kuching and parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud is located in kingdom of sarawak , asajaya , which is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
adenan satem , who is served by abdul taib mahmud , was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is served by sarawak ( led by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak ) .
adenan satem , who are the current tenants of abdul taib mahmud , was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is served by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu in sarawak .
atiku abubakar is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of nigerian army which was founded by oladipo diya .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of nigerian air force which has al - amin daggash as an ingredient .
felipe gonzalez was born in galicia and served as francisco franco and the juan carlos i of spain of abel caballero .
minister of transport , who was born in galicia , is the birthplace of abel caballero and is operated by spanish socialist workers ' party and spain .
abraham a . ribicoff was written in new britain , connecticut and is a popular tourist destination in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with an m . s . . he was gulf war and was born in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
joseph stalin is the leader of poland where polish language is spoken . the country is the location of adam koc in polish - soviet war .
adam koc ( born in new york city ) is part of russian civil war , which is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin is the leader of polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by vice - president of new democracy and greece .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by ministry of economy , development and tourism and greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and is served by makis voridis in greece .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the currency is euro and the leader is socialist party the leader of the us is socialist party .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the leaders are mark rutte and emile roemer . the leader of the us is socialist party .
emile roemer is the leader of socialist party where agnes kant is a traditional dish . the dish is served by red and is from netherlands .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
chiang kai - shek is the leader of hohne which is the location of airey neave which was founded in world war ii and has royal artillery as one of its leaders .
albert b . white ( born in cleveland ) was born in cleveland , texas . he was selected by william m . o . dawson in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson ( born in cleveland ) is the current tenant of albert b . white which was completed in 1901 - 03 - 04 and has a total of 1905 - 03 - 04 .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in new york , is spoken in french language , where abraham lincoln is the leader . he was born in new york and american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , texas . he was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico where jefferson davis is a leader .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory , new york , staten island states .
justicialist party is the leader of buenos aires where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader . the country is the location of alberto teisaire which is located in the country .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is affiliated with rear admiral .
daniel gould fowle is the owner of alfred moore scales which is located in reidsville , north carolina . the current leader of the country is governor of north carolina and the national anthem is democratic party .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with albert e . austin . the school ' s president is democratic party and member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was created in darien , connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and has democratic party as its president and mayor of stamford , connecticut .
price daniel is the leader of allan shivers where the leader is democratic party and governor of texas is served by lufkin , texas .
wilfred r . cousins , jr . , who was born in lufkin , texas , is served by governor of texas and is located in allan shivers where democratic party is the leader .
alvah sabin , which is located in the city of burlington , vermont , has vermont as its largest city and secretary of state of vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin where daniel webster is the leader . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
battle of gettysburg was a member of the robert e . lee 12 crew . he was part of american civil war and aaron s . daggett .
juan peron is a food found in argentina , where spanish language is spoken and the leader is labour party .
alberto teisaire ( journal ) is the home of juan peron which is based in mendoza , argentina . the leader of the country is labour party and the leader is isaac rojas .
