11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
the postmodern architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is georgian .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 floors .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is in arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people inhabit india .
the architect of julia morgan is los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square in united states has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect john george winkler who is located in united states .
hok sve 3arena was completed in east link bridge .
populous is the architect of 3arena in dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor adare is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is in japan where brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
county limerick adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
dublin is part of republic of ireland and 3arena .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john john madin , was born in birmingham and is located at colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , which is lead by rahm emanuel .
320 south boston building , designed by george winkler , is located in united states and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay completed in december 2008 .
denmark is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is owned by marriott international .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , is the architect of adare manor and palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by j . p . mcmanus and was completed in 1862 .
haputale adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor and jacabian .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of haputale where adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is sri lankan rupee .
the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are 30 march 2007 and mason school of business in united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds , chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who is located in birmingham , where conservative party is the leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where liberal democrats is the leader .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
bill marriott is the key person at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is the tenant of marriott international in bethesda , maryland .
construction of 103 colmore row , birmingham , completed in 1973 , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in leinster , republic of ireland .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn and is owned by marriott international .
adare adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is vietnamese people in japan and the ethnic group is vietnamese people in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita . the country ' s ethnic groups is brazilians in japan and the country is the location of japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary and is located in williamsburg , virginia , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove , california and was built in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on avenue a and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , brooklyn states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan where asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is andrew mitchell and b postcode area is the governing body .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is labour party and b postcode area is the governing body .
india is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located . the leader of the country is anandiben patel .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
akita , akita is located in akita , akita , japan , where brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . it is also found in akita museum of art .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where london is located . the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where english is english language and the leader is joe biden the leader of the country is president of the united states .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , ohio states , united states states .
250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york , postmodern architecture . it was started in january , 2014 and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , united states states . the capital of the country is springfield , illinois and rahm emanuel is the capital city .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where faroese language is spoken . the hotel is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . and was founded in washington , d . c . .
bill marriott is the key person of marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which is lead by bill marriott .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen the tenant of marriott international is ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . .
adare manor in bloomsbury was designed by the architect john augustus pugin who was designed by the architect john palace of westminster who was born in bloomsbury .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a height of 42 m square metres . it was built in 1961 and has a height of 42 m square metres . the current tenants are government of addis ababa .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture . it has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . the leader of japan is taro aso and the leader is taro aso .
alan b . miller hall , designed by college of william & mary , is located in virginia , united states . the architect was robert a . m . stern and the architect is college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . the leader of gujarat is sumitra mahajan and the leader is gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka .
eastern province , sri lanka is the capital of sri lanka where the leader is eastern provincial council the country is the location of ampara hospital in eastern province , sri lanka which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of los angeles herald - examiner , asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle , and riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , new netherland states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham which has b postcode area as its governing body . the city was designed by john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where president of the united states is the leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue which is lead by john roberts and is located in barack obama .
