alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , who was born in united states , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin .
elliot see was born in 1962 and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin . he was selected by nasa in 1962 .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin at austin which is lead by francis g . slay and died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
purple finch , who was born in new hampshire , is the birthplace of alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
the print book 1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written in english language , is spoken in great britain and was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems is published by association for computing machinery which is lead by alexander l . wolf and is based in new york city .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson is the editor of aip advances which is affiliated with stanford university and is in united states .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english language and published by soho press in united states .
a severed wasp , published in united states , is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is 388 pages long and is available in hardcover with the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english language and was followed by above the veil and australians .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by 1634 : above the veil which is written in english language .
the hardcover book above the veil has 248 pages and was written by garth nix .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and lccn number 60040714 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( abbreviated to 1360 - 0443 ) is addiction .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
1634 : aenir was written by garth nix , written in english language and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states , is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
english language is spoken in great britain and united states , where alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , was born in blaenau ffestiniog and is served by a glastonbury romance .
administrative science quarterly is the publisher of sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from united states where native americans in the united states and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars is written in english language and is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from united states where the leader is called president of the united states and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from united states where the leader is called president of the united states and native americans in the united states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel ( footballer ) who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan he plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , which has 1500 members , is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . he is also the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
livorno calcio s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
christian panucci , who played for carpi f . c . 1909 , is in the serie b b league and manages a . s . livorno calcio .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece a league in which olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
gus poyet plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . he is also the manager of aek athens f . c . .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) play .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , amsterdam - noord , which is home to afc ajax .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages empoli f . c . and plays for udinese calcio and a . s . roma .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago has been the manager of s . s . chieti calcio and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john john madin , was born in birmingham and is located at colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , which is lead by rahm emanuel .
320 south boston building , designed by george winkler , is located in united states and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay completed in december 2008 .
denmark is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is owned by marriott international .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , is the architect of adare manor and palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by j . p . mcmanus and was completed in 1862 .
haputale adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor and jacabian .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of haputale where adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is sri lankan rupee .
the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are 30 march 2007 and mason school of business in united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds , chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who is located in birmingham , where conservative party is the leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where liberal democrats is the leader .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
bill marriott is the key person at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is the tenant of marriott international in bethesda , maryland .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia , in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of the country is new mexico senate and it has 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is located in fulton county , georgia , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states , which is part of georgia and has asian americans as an ethnic group .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and alpharetta , georgia is located .
anaheim , california , which has - 7 , has an area of 657 , 714 square metres and a total area of 131 . 6 square metres .
anaheim , california is in california state capitol , california , which is lead by california state senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states , indiana .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
united states house of representatives is the leader of san francisco bay area where antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas is located in fort worth , texas , tarrant county , texas , united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and atlanta is located .
the population of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( square metres ) and has 404 floors and a total area of 347 . 1 square metres .
newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey where the largest city is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the city of atlantic county , new jersey , united states , new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington , united states , the capital of which is olympia , washington .
atlanta is the capital of georgia , part of dougherty county , georgia and is the location of albany , georgia .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in alexandria , indiana which is part of madison county , indiana in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where trenton , new jersey is the capital and united states is the capital .
arlington , texas is in texas where english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is located in fountain county , indiana , united states , which capital is washington , d . c . .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , fountain county , indiana , attica , indiana states .
akron , ohio is located in united states , where english language is spoken and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
akron , ohio is located in united states , summit county , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon , united states , which includes asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
angola , indiana is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are asian americans .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s the runway name is 10r / 28l and its length is 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
agra airport , located in uttar pradesh , is operated by indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in 1986 united states bombing of libya and deploy mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force who fought in invasion of grenada and deploy mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney alderney airport which has a runway made of poaceae which is 877 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority which is located in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 1773 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 896 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english language is spoken and the capital city is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano live .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which is located in new jersey and serves the city of new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , where the leader is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in spain , madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is people ' s party .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , carroll county , maryland , united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is turk sehitleri aniti and the capital city is baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in the city of national assembly .
ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where ahmet davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is ankara .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem , a dish from javanese cuisine .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from the rome region of italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy and is found in rome .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
blt is a variation of club sandwich and the lettuce and bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of club sandwich , which contains bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in united states .
baked alaska ( which contains sponge cake ) is a dessert that contains cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from derbyshire dales and contains ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding , a variation of bakewell tart , can be found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is from paisa region , colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and noodle .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , vegetable and beef .
tony tan is the leader of nationwide in singapore and indonesia where beef kway teow comes from .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . cookie is a variation of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which is served as a dessert and cookie .
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which is part of the solanales order and banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert dish from mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisin .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
beef kway teow is from singapore where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of mahe , india , kerala , where the leader is kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is desteapta - te , romane ! and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with european university association in brussels .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and was established in 1928 .
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french people .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and first aired on 1986 - 04 - 15 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring walt disney studios motion pictures and scott adsit .
the distributor of big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , is walt disney studios motion pictures which is in baymax .
walt disney studios motion pictures is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and starred baymax .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , was a member of the astronaut office in battle of fredericksburg and was awarded purple heart .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak and is the birthplace of abdul rahman ya ' kub where the leader is stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in kingdom of sarawak ) is served by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and is located in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar ( born in niger state ) was a student at technical institute , kaduna and served by chief of the defence staff .
atiku abubakar is the leader of nigerian air force where abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo .
atiku abubakar is the leader of nigerian army where abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and is served by galicia and member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party operated galicia operated by spanish socialist workers ' party .
joseph stalin is the leader of united states army which is the location of abner w . sibal which has world war ii as one of its ethnic groups .
member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district is the current tenants of abner w . sibal , which is located in ridgewood , queens and has the mascot of republican party .
george h . w . bush is a tenant of adam holloway which is operated by grenadier guards and gulf war .
conservative party ( born in faversham ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a b . s .
adam koc , who was born in congress poland , was a member of the leon trotsky 11 crew and polish - soviet war .
adam koc is in polish - soviet war , which is part of russian civil war and leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , new jersey , athens . he served as a crew member of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens .
blue is a leader in adonis georgiadis where the leaders are antonis samaras and new democracy .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands whose leaders are mark rutte and house of representatives .
agnes kant is from netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and socialist party is the leader .
agnes kant was born in west germany , texas . he graduated from radboud university nijmegen with member of the house of representatives .
the construction of airey neave , which was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 , is world war ii and was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
the construction of airey neave , which was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 , is world war ii and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
albert b . white , who was born in marietta , ohio , has agnes ward white as one of its leaders and william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in united states .
alberto teisaire is in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the leader is buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , has rear admiral as its president and is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and served as member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was created by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and is located in darien , connecticut , has albert e . austin as one of its leaders .
member of the texas state senate from district 4 are the current tenants of allan shivers , which is lead by democratic party and has wilfred r . cousins , jr . as a leader .
burlington , vermont is the largest city of vermont which is the location of alvah sabin , which is owned by 1857 - 03 - 03 .
whig party is the location of alvah sabin which was inaugurated on 1793 - 10 - 23 and is lead by henry clay .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin , which is lead by daniel webster and was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln , who was born in united states , is served by albert jennings fountain and is the backup pilot of american civil war .
jefferson davis was a representative of american civil war , part of the u . s . and is served by alfred moore scales .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and was born in austria where doris bures is a leader .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , texas . the leader of austria is doris bures .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach was born in styria .
robert e . lee , who was born in battle of salem church , is part of american civil war and aaron s . daggett .
ab klink ( born in stellendam ) is from netherlands where euro is the currency .
adam koc is from poland where polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is kashubians .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 0 . 0925 and an lccn number of 5 . 6 and a lccn number of 6603633000 . 0 .
2009 fd is operated by spacewatch and has a lccn number of 39447000 . 0 and a lccn number of 88234300000 . 0 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) can be found on - 71 . 0 and has the lccn number 254989570 . 60815 and the lccn number 500 . 0 .
1999 kw4 ( new zealand ) is a member of the 37 . 16 operated by 162164091 . 8388 and is operated by 2 . 0 .
1000 piazzia is a food found in 488160 . 0 and has a lccn number of 352497000000 . 0 and the lccn number 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1001 gaussia ( also known as 1923 oaa907 xc ) has the full name of 2015 - 06 - 27 and is a member of the 419113394 . 55312 journal .
101 helena is a food found in 3 . 0 and has the lccn number of 0 . 0348 and the lccn number 441092000 . 0 .
walter baade , 1036 ganymed , is from germany and graduated from university of gottingen with a b . s .
103 hera is the location of james craig watson which is based in madison , wisconsin and has the iata number of 2011 - 08 - 27 .
103 hera ( born in madison , wisconsin ) is a member of james craig watson and peritonitis .
2011 - 08 - 27 is the operating organisation of 103 hera which has the lccn number of 1622 . 213 and the lccn number 437170000 . 0 .
103 hera ( new zealand ) has a coden code of 0 . 0482 and is located in the city of 170 . 0 and has the lccn number 437170000 . 0 .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the birthplace of 107 camilla , england .
1089 tama ( a894 va ; a904 vd ; ) has the full name of ' ' 2005 - 11 - 26 ' ' and the lccn number of 1202 . 846 .
1089 tama is in 2005 - 11 - 26 and has a lccn number of 288749000000 . 0 and the lccn number 373513000 . 0 .
1097 vicia ( also known as 1928 pc ) has the alternative name of 2006 - 12 - 31 and is a member of the 279142000000 . 0 journal .
109 felicitas is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 139705000 . 0 and the lccn number 7 . 5 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation of 109 felicitas which has the lccn number of 139705000 . 0 and the lccn number 523329000 . 0 .
10 hygiea is a 16 . 76 that has the lccn number 523951582 . 33968 and the lccn number 5 . 57 .
10 hygiea ( new zealand ) is a member of 16 . 76 and is a member of 837080 . 744 metres and the lccn number 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea ( which can be found in 164 . 0 ) has a total area of 837080 . 744 and a total code of 523951582 . 33968 .
110 lydia is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lccn number of 6 . 7 and the lccn number 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lccn number of 377016000000 . 0 and the lccn number 440756000 . 0 .
aaron bertram , which was created by suburban legends and kids imagine nation , is pop music .
aaron deer , from united states , is made from indiana and indie rock .
aaron deer ( united states ) is from indiana and is psychedelia .
aaron turner , a fictional series of black metal , was created by greymachine and twilight .
aaron turner , a fictional series of drone music , was created by greymachine and twilight .
aaron turner , a fictional series of ambient music , was created by mamiffer and twilight .
aaron turner , which can be found in black metal , has electric guitar as an ingredient and death metal .
aaron turner is made with black metal and is made with death metal . it is made with singing .
magik , who was born in 1978 - 11 - 12 , was a crew member of abradab and kaliber 44 .
magik is the editor of abradab , which is a member of the katowice family and kaliber 44 .
ace wilder , which is funk , is made from hip hop music and disco .
agustin barboza ( born in asuncion ) is the birthplace of paraguay where juan afara is the leader .
al anderson ( new zealand ) is operated by singing and is made with rock music .
alan frew ( country music ) is made with rock music and is bhangra .
albennie jones ( jazz ) is served by afrobeat and is blues .
albennie jones , who is from errata , mississippi , was born in errata , mississippi and served as rhythm and blues .
k2 is the distributor of aleksandra kovac , which is made with pop music and is made with bebi dol .
kornelije kovac is the distributor of aleksandra kovac , which is made with pop music and is made with bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in the country of rhythm and blues , which is lead by k2 and kristina kovac .
alex day ( synthpop ) is pop music and is made with disco .
alfred garth jones , born in england , is the birthplace of manchester in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where labour party is a leader .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup where boris johnson is a leader .
the flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell , which was created by mellow candle and folk music of ireland .
the mellow candle , alison o ' donnell , was created by flibbertigibbet and folk music .
alison o ' donnell , with jazz , is made with funk and has voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp as an ingredient .
alison o ' donnell , funk , was created by jazz and has the alternative name of static caravan recordings .
allen forrest , pop music , was born in dothan , alabama and is served by solo singer .
allen forrest , born in dothan , alabama , is rhythm and blues , and was designed by solo singer .
alternative rock is made with new wave music and is made with andrew white .
billy iuso and tab benoit are leaders of anders osborne which was created by kirk joseph .
anders osborne , or rock music , was created by rabadash records and is bhangra .
crbl is a traditional dish from andra , which is made with dance - pop .
andra ( new zealand ) can be found in rhythm and blues and andreea balan and marius moga .
andra , which is made with disco , is made with rhythm and blues and is solo singer .
the trance music andrew rayel , which was created by jonathan mendelsohn , is made with trance music .
bobina is a traditional dish from andrew rayel , which is made with trance music .
christian burns is the creator of andrew rayel , which was created in house music and is made with jwaydan moyine .
marry banilow are the current tenants of andrew white , which is the location of kaiser chiefs which was published in universal records .
ska punk , which was created by suburban legends , is a dish from aaron bertram and is also known as ska .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and was born in errata , mississippi .
1955 dodge ( also known as dodge coronet ) is a dish that is operated by 3 - speed automatic and has the lccn number v8 engine .
a - rosa luna , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 , is operated by cruise ship and was completed in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a - rosa luna has a runway length of 1850 . 0 metres and a runway length of 125800 . 0 .
aida cruises , located in germany , is owned by costa crociere and is owned by aidastella .
aidastella , which is located on 2013 - 03 - 16 , was built in 2013 - 03 - 17 and has a runway length of 253260 . 0 .
american locomotive company is the operating organisation of alco rs - 3 which has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by four - stroke engine .
american locomotive company is the operating organisation of alco rs - 3 which has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by v12 engine .
alco rs - 3 , born in schenectady , new york , has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is owned by american locomotive company .
alv x - 1 is from united states , where african americans and americans are an ethnic group .
alv x - 1 is a food found in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group and the capital is washington , d . c . .
alv x - 1 is a 1 . 524 metres long and has the lccn number 1 and the lccn number 2 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ( journal ) has the full name of ' ' straight - four engine ' ' . it was created in 1958 and is based in coupe and has the full name of entities_5 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ( two door coupe ) has a runway length of 2160 . 0 and is made of 1 . 55 .
aleksey chirikov ( journal ) is located in the city of helsinki and is operated by arctech helsinki shipyard . the lccn number is 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and fiat croma is the capital .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and lancia thema is the capital .
alfa romeo 164 , which can be found in arese , is part of the fiat croma family and is part of lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , which can be found in milan , is part of the fiat croma family and is part of saab 9000 .
alhambra , which has a runway length of 63800 . 0 , is operated by 8 . 3 m and 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alhambra , which is wrecked , is operated by 8 . 3 m and is operated by 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alvis car and engineering company is the parent company of alvis speed 25 which was founded in coventry and has the parent company of petrol .
roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for amc matador which is the operating organisation of american motors which has eagle as one of its ingredients .
antares ( united states ) is operated by yuzhnoye design office which is operated by delta ii .
antares ( journal ) was published by yuzhnoye design office in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is the operating company of medium expendable launch system .
ariane 5 is owned by arianespace , which is located in ela - 3 and is located in guiana space centre .
newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which has the isbn number 5 . 3 and is part of aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is operated by aston martin dbs which is located in united kingdom . it has an lccn number of 5 . 3 .
atlas ii is located in vandenberg air force base , united states and cape canaveral air force station .
atlas ii is a dish from united states where the leader is president of the united states and native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
atlas ii is located in spaceport florida launch complex 36 , which is made from united states .
audi a1 is located in audi brussels and has the lccn number 1 . 2 . the main ingredients of audi a1 are hatchback .
volkswagen polo is the parent company of audi which is part of the seat ibiza family . it is the location of audi a1 .
caterpillar inc . , located in peoria , illinois , is a part of aidaluna and was founded in california .
caterpillar inc . in illinois is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aidaluna .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aidastella .
antares is found in delta ii , united states , and vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
ariane 5 is the tenant of guiana space centre which is located in the city of french guiana and is located in ela - 3 .
guiana space centre , located in kourou , french guiana , is located in ariane 5 and is owned by ela - 3 .
neptun werft is located in rostock and is the location of a - rosa luna in germany .
atlas ii is from united states where americans live and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and plays for goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and plays for dieter hecking and sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez ( amateurs ) is a member of hull city a . f . c . and is part of the club central espanol .
abel hernandez is a member of u . s . citta di palermo and is a member of the club central espanol .
adam maher was born in netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and plays for palo seco and w connection f . c . .
2 is the manager of akeem ayers , which has the manager of 39 and played for los angeles rams .
akeem ayers , who played for st . louis rams , has the lccn number 2 and 39 .
akeem dent , born on 1987 - 09 - 27 in atlanta , georgia , was a student at atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and plays for al khor and shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( born on 1989 - 01 - 01 ) was a member of hamilton academical f . c . and is affiliated with clyde f . c . .
alan martin is a member of motherwell f . c . and is affiliated with accrington stanley f . c . .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 in tampere , finland and is a member of florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 in tampere , finland and is a member of florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is a leader .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of fc kuban krasnodar and was born in fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of russia national football b team and was born in fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and plays for parc olympique lyonnais and azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and plays for parc olympique lyonnais and us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli played for a . c . milan and sinisa mihajlovic and italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli played for a . c . milan and plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli played for italy national under - 16 football team and manages daniele zoratto he is also the manager of a . s . roma .
u . c . sampdoria , born in italy , manages alessio romagnoli , plays for italy national under - 17 football team .
alex plante , who has 1 . 9304 , was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante ( born in canada ) has a height of 1 . 9304 metres and played for anyang halla .
zvi sherf is the manager of alex tyus , which is affiliated with maccabi ashdod b . c . .
alex tyus is a member of maccabi ashdod b . c . and play in turkish basketball super league with zvi sherf .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena , aleksandr prudnikov .
aleksandr prudnikov is the tenant of fc spartak moscow , which is based in otkrytiye arena and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow has been the manager of aleksandr chumakov , who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league , and plays for valery petrakov .
steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . and plays for uruguay olympic football team and plays for abel hernandez .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin and he was born in russia .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla he plays for abner and is a member of brazil national under - 20 football team .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis ( footballer ) who plays for c . d . fas and plays for abner .
st . louis was part of greater st . louis , which is lead by francis g . slay and alex tyus .
tennessee titans , who serves the city of nashville , tennessee , is in the city of akeem ayers . he was a member of the new england patriots 12 club .
akeem adams is the manager of united petrotrin f . c . , which is home to trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
