pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding should be served warm or cold .
colombian cuisine is part of bandeja paisa .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region .
barny cakes is part of 30 . 0 g .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is classed as a bird .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where italian language is spoken .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy .
arros arros negre comes from the region of valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is from indonesia and is popular in malaysia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich dish which is a variation of bacon sandwich .
bacon is a main ingredient in the sausage bacon explosion .
bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich which is a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is a member of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesia dish of batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is from india where indian people .
bhajji is from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines region of the banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico can be found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
bionico , which contains granola , is a dish from guadalajara .
dessert is a variation of cake and bionico .
bakso is from indonesia where joko widodo is a leader .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem , a dish from javanese cuisine .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from the rome region of italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy and is found in rome .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
blt is a variation of club sandwich and the lettuce and bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of club sandwich , which contains bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in united states .
baked alaska ( which contains sponge cake ) is a dessert that contains cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from derbyshire dales and contains ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding , a variation of bakewell tart , can be found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is from paisa region , colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and noodle .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , vegetable and beef .
tony tan is the leader of nationwide in singapore and indonesia where beef kway teow comes from .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . cookie is a variation of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which is served as a dessert and cookie .
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which is part of the solanales order and banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert dish from mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisin .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
beef kway teow is from singapore where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of the country is parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of batak in malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are malaysian malay and sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , sumatra , malays and minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich , a variation of club sandwich , which is a variation of blt .
bacon sandwich are popular in the uk . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
united states are an ethnic group in the u . s . where baked alaska is a dessert . cookie are an ethnic group from the country .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake . the dish comes from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream .
bakewell pudding ( or bakewell tart ) comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire dales , which includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine from paisa region . it contains kidney bean and red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon and hogao .
barny cakes come from france where french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the leader is gerard larcher .
batagor , a variation of siomay , is found in the indonesia . the main ingredients are shiitake .
batchoy comes from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , pork , and beef .
batchoy is soup from the philippines region of the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia in singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow is popular in indonesia and is popular in singapore and sesame oil .
bhaji , bajji is an ingredient in bhajji which is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are vegetable .
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji and originates from karnataka . the main ingredients are vegetable and gram flour , vegetables .
sweet potato is part of the order of solanales and flowering plant . it is an ingredient in binignit along with sago .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains granola .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . cookie is a dessert .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the leader of java is tony tan and the ethnic group is baduy .
batchoy comes from the philippines , where zamboangans is spoken and the ethnic group is ilocano people and the language spoken is philippine spanish .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the ethnic groups are zamboangans and igorot people .
cookie is a dessert dish from philippines where philippine english is spoken . it is also a dessert .
sandesh is a dessert found in philippines where philippine english is spoken . the binignit is also a dessert .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where indonesian language is spoken . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra and malay peninsula is the capital .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra is the capital .
asam pedas is a food found in malay peninsula , malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
sausage bacon explosion is from kansas city metropolitan area in united states . the main ingredients are sausage and bacon , sausage .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken there .
bacon sandwich ( which can be known as a blt ) , can be found in the uk , united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . the leaders of france are manuel valls valls and gerard gerard larcher . french language is spoken in the country .
lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from antioquia department in colombia .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where gerard larcher is the leader and french language is spoken and francois hollande is the leader .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . it is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and bhaji , bajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is t . s . thakur and indian people is the leader of the karnataka region .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan and indian people .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , sour cream , shredded coconut and raisins . it is served as dessert and is a dessert dish in mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto and honey is the leader .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo the leader of mexico is jalisco and honey is also a dessert .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is carles puigdemont and the spaniards people are spaniards .
rome is the capital of italy where italian language is spoken . two of the leaders in the country is matteo renzi and italian language is spoken . amatriciana sauce is spoken in italy .
amatriciana sauce is the leader of italy where the people are known as italians and sergio mattarella . the capital city is rome and the country is lead by sergio mattarella .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso matteo renzi is spoken in italy , where italian language is spoken .
javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english language is spoken . the leader of java is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is javanese people .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups in the philippines are zamboangans and philippine spanish and the language is batchoy .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is a traditional dish from andalusia , where the leader is spaniards .
