11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
carroll county , maryland is to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . (id2)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id3)
prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id6)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of frederick , maryland , monocacy national battlefield . (id7)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , located in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known as turk sehitleri aniti . (id9)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , carroll county , maryland , united states . (id10)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast . (id11)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is turk sehitleri aniti and the capital city is baku . (id12)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in the city of national assembly . (id13)
ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where ahmet davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is ankara . (id14)
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property . it is located in pennsylvania , united states . (id15)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is prime minister of azerbaijan . (id16)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the name of the name turk sehitleri aniti . (id17)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 . (id18)
turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital city is bronze . (id19)
ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . the leader of turkey is president of turkey . (id20)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as contributing property . (id21)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , pennsylvania . it is categorised as contributing property . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland and to the southeast carroll county , cumberland county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is frederick county , maryland . (id22)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister of azerbaijan the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . (id23)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . (id24)
ataturk monument is the largest city of turkey which is lead by president of turkey the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . (id25)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 . (id26)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , 11th mississippi infantry monument . it is categorised as contributing property and has franklin county , pennsylvania to its southeast and carroll county , maryland to the southeast . cumberland county , pennsylvania is the location of 11th mississippi infantry monument . (id27)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id28)
artur rasizade is the leader of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the soldiers of red granite and white marble killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade . (id29)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as historic districts in the united states . (id30)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . (id31)
ataturk monument is the capital of turkey where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk pietro canonica designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . (id32)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country ' s leader is turkish lira and the largest city is ankara . the country ' s leader is turkish lira . (id33)
