1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by virginia demarce and eric flint and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint it was followed by the grantville gazette and followed by ring of ring of fire ii .
cornell university , in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly it is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states , where one of the ethnic groups are african americans . english language is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . english language is also spoken in great britain and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english language is also spoken in great britain and the united states .
a severed wasp is the capital of united states where one of the ethnic groups are native americans in the united states . english language is spoken in great britain and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
the novel into battle , which was created by aenir , is the sequel to above the veil and is located in australians , where the violet keystone are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english language is spoken in great britain .
1634 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in united states , where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the book was written in the us , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in united states , where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from united states , where the leader is known as the president . english language is spoken in great britain and the leader is president of the united states asian americans are an ethnic group there .
president of the united states is the leader of albany , georgia , part of georgia , where americans is the leader . the country is the location of united states which is part of the u . s . .
georgia is the largest city in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the largest city is fulton county , georgia and the largest city is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of texas in united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in united states . it has a total population of 523 . 9 people and a population of 107 . 43 .
san francisco bay area is the location of antioch , california which is part of contra costa county , california in california where english language is spoken and california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader .
atlanta ( part of dekalb county , georgia ) has a total area of 344 . 9 square metres and has a total area of 1299 . 0 square kilometres . it is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
attica , indiana , united states , has a total area of 783 . 1 square metres and a total area of 4 . 14 square metres . the airport is 166 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . . the capital of alabama is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans .
auburn , washington is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states states . it has a total population of 914 . 8 people and a total population of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
round rock , texas is the largest city in texas where english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in georgetown , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas , new jersey , where english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in hays county , texas and english language is spoken .
hays county , texas is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston and spanish language is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in san marcos , texas .
alexandria , indiana is part of united states in indiana . indianapolis is the capital of united states and english americans is one of the ethnic groups in the country .
fort worth , texas is the county seat of arlington , texas and is the location of tarrant county , texas which is located in the city of houston , where spanish language is spoken .
arlington , texas is located in texas , united states , united states . the capital of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas and the capital is austin , texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where white americans is the largest city . the city is the location of new jersey which is located in the city of atlantic city , new jersey , where the largest city is atlantic city , new jersey .
americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the capital city is washington , d . c . the country is the location of albany , oregon which is located in linn county , oregon , linn county , oregon .
albany , oregon is located in united states , which is part of oregon . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the americans .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of steuben county , indiana , where english language is spoken and angola , indiana is spoken .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of lee county , alabama in alabama . the country is the location of auburn , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , a country where auburn , alabama is located . it is located in opelika , alabama , lee county , alabama , alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states which is part of the state of new jersey . the capital city is newark , new jersey and the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of united states where english language is spoken . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico and the leader of the country is president of the united states .
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , where the americans are an ethnic group .
barack obama is the leader of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the country is the location of akron , ohio .
americans is the leader of united states where the leader is known as the president . president of the united states are an ethnic group in the us , where african americans is a leader .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as contributing property .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , pennsylvania . it is categorised as contributing property . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland and to the southeast carroll county , cumberland county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is frederick county , maryland .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister of azerbaijan the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku .
ataturk monument is the largest city of turkey which is lead by president of turkey the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and mahe , india to its northwest .
acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
monarchy of denmark is the leader of denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen the country is the location of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which is located in european university association .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the largest city in india is mumbai , awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where kochi is the leader . the ganges is a river in india .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in mendrisio , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has mols to its northeast . mols is the location of european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
baymax is a character in duncan rouleau , which was created by big hero 6 and starred alan tudyk . it was created by steven t . seagle and the americans .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where pietro grasso is a leader . the club is managed by michele marcolini who plays for vicenza calcio and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( athens ) . the club is located in the city of blackpool where labour party is the leader . the club is attached to the club chesterfield f . c . club .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , italy . the leader of serie d is sergio mattarella and they speak italian language .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . he plays for real zaragoza and is located in marousi , marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the country ' s capital is rome and italian is italian language spoken .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital city is rome . the country ' s leader is sergio mattarella and they speak italian language .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where indonesian language is spoken . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra and malay peninsula is the capital .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra is the capital .
asam pedas is a food found in malay peninsula , malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
sausage bacon explosion is from kansas city metropolitan area in united states . the main ingredients are sausage and bacon , sausage .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken there .
bacon sandwich ( which can be known as a blt ) , can be found in the uk , united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . the leaders of france are manuel valls valls and gerard gerard larcher . french language is spoken in the country .
lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from antioquia department in colombia .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where gerard larcher is the leader and french language is spoken and francois hollande is the leader .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . it is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and bhaji , bajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is t . s . thakur and indian people is the leader of the karnataka region .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan and indian people .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , sour cream , shredded coconut and raisins . it is served as dessert and is a dessert dish in mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto and honey is the leader .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo the leader of mexico is jalisco and honey is also a dessert .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is carles puigdemont and the spaniards people are spaniards .
rome is the capital of italy where italian language is spoken . two of the leaders in the country is matteo renzi and italian language is spoken . amatriciana sauce is spoken in italy .
amatriciana sauce is the leader of italy where the people are known as italians and sergio mattarella . the capital city is rome and the country is lead by sergio mattarella .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso matteo renzi is spoken in italy , where italian language is spoken .
javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english language is spoken . the leader of java is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is javanese people .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups in the philippines are zamboangans and philippine spanish and the language is batchoy .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is a traditional dish from andalusia , where the leader is spaniards .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he was test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the us navy , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 ' s frank borman 12 mission . he was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey in united states . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders and retired .
buzz aldrin was born in 1930 - 01 - 20 on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa .
apollo 14 was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of the nasa operated california . benitoite is the location of california .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . he was born in new hampshire and died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
margrethe ii of denmark is spoken in denmark which is part of central denmark region . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup which is part of central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport - - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 610 . 0 metres above sea level . the airport has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by indian air force the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase the usaf fought battles in 1986 united states bombing of libya and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 ac - 130 attack aircraft and boeing c - 17 globemaster iii ( aircraft fighter ) and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase they were involved in the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states . they deploy lockheed ac - 130 and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney alderney airport which is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05l / 23r .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country ' s leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country ' s leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey where the leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is philippe of belgium and charles michel is the capital city .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey in united states in united states . the airport has the icao location identifier of kacy and is located in atlantic city international airport .
new york serves the city of harrietstown , new york , saranac lake , new york , lake placid , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york , harrietstown , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , part of awadh , bundelkhand . the airport is operated by bundelkhand and hal light combat helicopter operates indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by bundelkhand . the airport is operated by indian air force and hal light combat helicopter is part of bundelkhand .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , ohio states , united states states .
250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york , postmodern architecture . it was started in january , 2014 and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , united states states . the capital of the country is springfield , illinois and rahm emanuel is the capital city .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where faroese language is spoken . the hotel is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . and was founded in washington , d . c . .
bill marriott is the key person of marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which is lead by bill marriott .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen the tenant of marriott international is ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . .
adare manor in bloomsbury was designed by the architect john augustus pugin who was designed by the architect john palace of westminster who was born in bloomsbury .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a height of 42 m square metres . it was built in 1961 and has a height of 42 m square metres . the current tenants are government of addis ababa .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture . it has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . the leader of japan is taro aso and the leader is taro aso .
alan b . miller hall , designed by college of william & mary , is located in virginia , united states . the architect was robert a . m . stern and the architect is college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . the leader of gujarat is sumitra mahajan and the leader is gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka .
eastern province , sri lanka is the capital of sri lanka where the leader is eastern provincial council the country is the location of ampara hospital in eastern province , sri lanka which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of los angeles herald - examiner , asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle , and riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , new netherland states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham which has b postcode area as its governing body . the city was designed by john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where president of the united states is the leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue which is lead by john roberts and is located in barack obama .
aida cruises , which is owned by costa crociere , is located in germany and owned by carnival corporation & plc it is owned by meyer werft and owned by meyer werft .
aida cruises is the operating organisation for aidastella which has a runway length of 253260 . 0 . it is operated by meyer werft and has 32 . 2 in 38 . 892 .
alco rs - 3 ( may 1950 - august 1956 ) has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is located in the city of may 1950 - august 1956 . it is operated by american locomotive company and has 12 as an ingredient .
alco rs - 3 ( may 1950 - august 1956 ) has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is located on may 1950 - august 1956 . it was created by american locomotive company and has 12 as its headquarters .
alv x - 1 is in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is located in thames , new zealand and has the icao location of station wagon . the airport is operated by amc v8 engine and is located in mid - size car .
alhambra ( located in london ) is owned by p & o and is owned by samuda brothers . it is owned by samuda brothers and is owned by 8 . 3 m .
eagle is the operating organisation of american motors which is affiliated with wheel horse and has the full name of chrysler . it is also the location of amc matador which is lead by roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 ( a runway length of 45000 . 0 ) , has a runway length of 45000 . 0 and is operated by 4 . 6 m . the airport is operated by 1969 - 01 - 25 and has 8 . 334 in it .
antares ( new zealand ) is operated by mid - atlantic regional spaceport which is operated by delta ii ( part of the minotaur iv ) and minotaur iv ( part of the minotaur iv ) .
antares ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 ) has a runway length of 3 . 9 and was a member of the 2014 - 10 - 28 war . it was created by yuzhnoye design office and 2014 - 07 - 13 .
yuzhnoye design office is the operating organisation for antares which was inaugurated in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it has 3 . 9 as a runway length of 3 . 9 and 2014 - 10 - 28 .
ariane 5 ( 5 . 4 ) was a crew member of the 2005 - 08 - 11 operated 2009 - 12 - 18 . it was designed by airbus defence and space and guiana space centre ( 5 . 4 ) .
guiana space centre is the location of arianespace which is located in the city of courcouronnes in the city of french guiana . the monument is located in the city of ela - 3 , ela - 3 .
aston martin vantage is the location of aston martin v8 which is based in newport pagnell . it has the lccn number of 5 . 3 and its lccn number is aston martin .
aston martin v8 ( newport pagnell ) is located in newport pagnell , newport pagnell . it is governed by coupe and is part of the aston martin dbs course .
aston martin virage is the leader of aston martin v8 , where the leader is elizabeth ii it is located in the country of united kingdom , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the leader is aston martin .
audi a1 is located in brussels , belgium and is governed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . the airport is supermini and has the lccn number 1 . 2 . it is supermini .
audi a1 was founded by august horch and is operated by ducati . it is operated by audi which is operated by lamborghini .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california . the airport is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is the location of caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states . it is owned by douglas r . oberhelman and is located in rostock .
douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states in peoria , illinois . the airport is owned by aida cruises and owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere , which is owned by aida cruises , is located in genoa , which is owned by carnival corporation & plc it is owned by aida cruises and owned by aidastella .
aleksey chirikov is the leader of juha sipila where sami languages is spoken . the country is the location of finland which has finns as one of the ethnic groups and arctech helsinki shipyard is the leader .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck and the leader is joachim gauck .
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle neptun werft is located in the city of rostock in rostock .
atlas ii is located in united states , where the people are known as americans and the capital is washington , d . c . english language is spoken there and the country is the location of atlas ii .
abel hernandez ( amateurs ) ' s full name is ' ' jorge orosman da silva ' ' . it is located in central espanol , which is a member of the uruguayan segunda division serie league . their champions is penarol and their champions are jorge orosman da silva .
aleksandr chumakov is the leader of russia , where valentina matviyenko is a leader . he was a member of the fc torpedo moscow 11 club , where valery petrakov is the leader .
oleh luzhny is the manager of aleksandre guruli , whose manager is fc karpaty lviv he has been the manager of olympique lyonnais and jean - michel aulas .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of alessio romagnoli , which is a member of the serie a fc league . their manager is defender and their ground is defender .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of alessio romagnoli which is managed by silvio berlusconi who played for a . c . milan and italy national under - 17 football team .
central espanol ( amateurs ) play in uruguayan segunda division which is based in the league . the champions of the league are giuseppe iachini and abel hernandez .
fc spartak moscow are managed by sergey rodionov who is in otkrytiye arena . he is owned by fc amkar perm and aleksandr prudnikov .
the manager of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov , who is in grozny and plays for fc terek grozny . the club ' s ground is rashid rakhimov , and they compete in grozny .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , which is based in grozny . the current tenants of the club is rashid rakhimov who are managed by fc spartak moscow .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow , who played the 2014 - 15 season 2014 - 15 russian premier league . he was born in soviet union and plays for soviet union national football team , and aleksandr chumakov .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc he plays for gabor kubatov and is in palo seco . he plays for gabor kubatov and united petrotrin f . c . .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc he plays for united petrotrin f . c . and is lead by gabor kubatov and akeem adams .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) ' s full name is ' ' 2006 - 12 - 31 ' ' . it has the lccn number of 8788850000 . 0 and its lccn number is 6155910000000 . 0 . the lccn number is 6603633000 . 0 and it is 5 . 6 .
101 helena , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
101 helena , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated to james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) graduated from university of gottingen with a bachelor of science degree . he is affiliated with walter baade and is affiliated with allan sandage .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) is affiliated with halton arp and is affiliated with walter baade .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) is a us national , which is affiliated with walter baade and is affiliated with allan sandage .
103 hera , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
103 hera , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
b . zellner is the operating organisation of 107 camilla which has the lccn number of 479343000 . 0 and the lccn number of 2006 - 12 - 31 . it is a member of the 2006 - 12 - 31 journal and has the lccn number 2368 . 05 .
107 camilla ( 560937000 . 0 ) has the full name of ' ' c . woods ' ' . it has the lccn number of 2006 - 12 - 31 and the lccn number of 2368 . 05 . it has an lccn number of 479343000 . 0 .
f . vilas is the operating organisation for 107 camilla which has the lccn number 479343000 . 0 . it is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 2368 . 05 .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) is the location of 107 camilla which is based in chennai and has 7 . 08 as an ingredient .
1089 tama is operated by 0 . 0068 and has the runway name of a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . it is operated by 1202 . 846 and has the lccn number 2005 - 11 - 26 and 1202 . 846 .
1101 clematis is a food found in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 183309000 . 0 . it is operated by 0 . 02 and has the lccn number 5 . 7 .
2005 - 11 - 26 is the operating organisation for 11264 claudiomaccone which has the lccn number of 296521000 . 0 and is 173 . 0 . it has the lccn number of 1513 . 722 and the lccn number of 475426000 . 0 .
abdul taib mahmud ( born on 1936 - 05 - 21 in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya and is led by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak , graduated from university of adelaide with a bachelor of science degree . it is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and adenan satem as its current tenants .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of 1999 - 05 - 29 which was published in the city of nigerian navy and has atiku abubakar as its leader .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where mike akhigbe is the president . olusegun obasanjo is the president of the us , which is affiliated with nigerian army and was born in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in united states . he was a student of governor of connecticut and democratic party .
abraham a . ribicoff was designed by united states secretary of health , education , and welfare who was born in connecticut , texas . he has democratic party as its leader and the us states .
abraham a . ribicoff is an american who was born in new york , texas . it was casey ribicoff and is served by united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from mit with a b . s . and is affiliated with magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ( born in faversham , kent , england ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was born in faversham , kent , england and was a member of grenadier guards ' s conservative party .
konstantinos mitsotakis ( born in greece ) was born in adonis georgiadis , which is led by antonis samaras and makis voridis .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands whose leaders are mark rutte and doesburg . the us is also the national of house of representatives and khadija arib .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the leaders are mark rutte and emile roemer . the country is the national of doesburg where emile roemer is the leader .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia on 1856 - 09 - 22 . he was born in 1856 on 1856 - 09 - 22 and was selected by nasa in 1941 .
albert b . white ( born in cleveland ) was born in cleveland , texas . he was agnes ward white and is served by william m . o . dawson in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was born in cleveland , texas . he was born in cleveland and served as agnes ward white . he was a crew member of governor of west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was inaugurated on 1901 - 03 - 04 . the leader of the country is william m . o . dawson and its leader is republican party .
juan peron ( led by eva peron ) is a leader in buenos aires , where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader . the country is the location of alberto teisaire which is lead by horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 in mendoza , argentina , texas . he was a us national and was created by provisional president of the argentine senate . he has rear admiral as an ingredient .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ) served as a crew member of austrian people ' s party . he died in styria , where austria is the leader .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ) served as a crew member of austrian people ' s party . he died in styria , where imst is the leader .
alvah sabin was established in sycamore , illinois and is located in the city of sycamore , illinois , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . it was completed in the year 1857 - 03 - 03 and has vermont as its largest city .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , texas , sycamore , illinois . the largest city of vermont is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alfred moore scales is part of jefferson davis , part of native americans in the united states . he was born in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales is part of jefferson davis in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the country is the location of american civil war which was commanded by the us .
juan peron is a food found in argentina , where the leader is eva peron and the leader is labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram ( ska punk ) was created by suburban legends and is located in ska punk . it was created by brian robertson and kids imagine nation .
the creator of aaron deer ( which is solo singer ) , is united states , which is also indie rock . it is also known by wee giant and solo singer .
aaron turner ( united states ) was created by black metal and is located in the united states . it was created by lotus eaters and old man gloom .
aaron turner ( massachusetts ) was created in 1995 and is made with sludge metal . it was created by twilight and lotus eaters .
magik , who was born in katowice , is the birthplace of abradab , he was born in katowice on 1978 - 11 - 12 . he was a crew member of kaliber 44 .
ace wilder ( born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in sweden ) was a us national who was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in sweden he was solo singer .
ace wilder ( born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in stockholm ) was born in stockholm on 1982 - 07 - 23 . he was solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ace wilder ( funk ) is made from drum and bass and is made with gangsta rap . it is also known as hip hop music and disco .
ace wilder ( born in sweden ) is served by funk and is made from drum and bass . it is made with hip hop music and drum and bass .
al anderson ( born in windsor , connecticut ) was created by the wildweeds and is rock music . it was created in 1966 and has nrbq as one of its ingredients .
al anderson ( country music ) was created by rock music and is located in bhangra . it is also known as country music and has the lccn number guitar .
alan frew ( born in coatbridge ) is a musician national , which is also known as canada , was born in coatbridge and is served by solo singer .
aleksandra kovac ( born in socialist republic of serbia ) was created in socialist republic of serbia and is pop music . it was created in 1972 and has solo singer .
aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in rhythm and blues and was created in 1990 . it was created by kornelije kovac and is located in 1990 . it was created by k2 and is solo singer .
alfred garth jones was born in england , texas . he was born in 1872 and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , texas . he was born in manchester and died in sidcup where boris johnson is the leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , texas . he was born in manchester and died in sidcup where labour party is the leader .
the character alison o ' donnell was created in 1963 and is folk music of ireland . it was created by mellow candle and starred in 1963 . it was created by flibbertigibbet and floating world records .
alison o ' donnell ( located in london ) was created by funk and is located in london . it is in london and is jazz .
alison o ' donnell ( folk music ) is made with jazz and is made from afrobeat . it is also known as funk and has the lccn number autoharp .
alison o ' donnell ( abbrv ) is made with funk and is made with blues . it was created in afrobeat and jazz . it is also known as afrobeat .
allen forrest ( born in dothan , alabama ) was born in dothan , alabama and was born in 1981 and is acoustic music . it was created in 1981 and solo singer .
billy iuso are the creators of anders osborne which was created in 1989 and voice of the wetlands all - stars . it was created in 1989 and rock music .
the character anders osborne , which was created in 1989 , is served by tab benoit and is blues . it was created by galactic and billy iuso .
andra ( born in campia turzii ) was born in campia turzii and is served by solo singer . it was born in 1986 , and dance - pop .
andra ( born in romania ) can be found in romania and was created by solo singer . it was created in 1986 and is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel , which is made from pop music , is made from pop music and is served by armin van buuren and bobina . it is also known as pop music .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by armin van buuren and is located in chisinau , moldova . it was created by christian burns and trance music .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by bobina and trance music . it was created in 2009 and is made from 2009 .
andrew rayel , which is made from trance music , is found in the country of trance music . the country ' s leaders are jwaydan moyine and string instrument and john digweed .
the distributor of andrew white , which was created by marry banilow , is polydor records , it was created by b - unique records and 2003 . it was created by kaiser chiefs and polydor records .
hip hop music , which is made of funk , was created by fort campbell and is found in funk . it is also known as disco and allen forrest .
hip hop music , which is made with drum and bass , was created in 1981 and is also known as disco . it is also known as drum and bass and allen forrest .
alfred garth jones ( born in manchester ) was born in london , texas . the leader of the country is labour party and the leader is parliament of the united kingdom .
juan afara is a leader in asuncion , where spanish language is spoken . the country is the location of agustin barboza which is located in paraguay , where spanish language is spoken .
polydor records , which is located in london , was created by nu metal and is located in london , alternative rock . it was created in nu metal and has andrew white .
polydor records ( london ) is the location of alternative rock which was created in nu metal and is located in london , universal records . the main ingredients are universal records .
rock music ( blues ) can be found in the country of bhangra . it is also known as country music and is made with guitar . it is also known as country music .
rock music ( also known as al anderson ) is a dish from bhangra and is made with country music . it is also known as blues and al anderson .
twilight ( death metal ) was created by old man gloom and is located in electric guitar . it is served as a black metal and is made with electric guitar .
alfredo zitarrosa is in uruguay , where spanish language is spoken . the leader of uruguay is raul fernando sendic rodriguez and spanish language is spoken in montevideo .
