the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of united states . (id2)
mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id3)
new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id4)
new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres . (id6)
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km . (id12)
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
spanish language is spoken in california . (id20)
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is in united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california is in united states . (id26)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . (id28)
barack obama is the leader of united states . (id29)
united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol . (id30)
akron , ohio is in united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon , where the capital is salem , oregon . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico is led by united states house of representatives in united states . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas , in united states . (id34)
anaheim , california is part of california , which is lead by united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , in united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in united states . (id37)
antioch , california , which is located at 13 . 0 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . (id38)
arlington , texas , 184 . 0 , has a total area of 258 . 2 square metres . (id39)
arlington , texas is in texas , in united states . (id40)
atlanta is in united states which is part of georgia . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in united states . (id44)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in united states . (id46)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states which is the location of albany , oregon . (id47)
amarillo , texas is located in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . . (id48)
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id49)
albany , georgia is part of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . (id50)
auburn , alabama is a dish from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . (id51)
akron , ohio is a dish from united states where english language is spoken . (id52)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states where the leader is called president of the united states . (id53)
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia , in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id54)
the population of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of the country is new mexico senate and it has 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is located in fulton county , georgia , united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is in united states , which is part of georgia and has asian americans as an ethnic group . (id57)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and alpharetta , georgia is located . (id58)
anaheim , california , which has - 7 , has an area of 657 , 714 square metres and a total area of 131 . 6 square metres . (id59)
anaheim , california is in california state capitol , california , which is lead by california state senate . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states , indiana . (id61)
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . (id62)
united states house of representatives is the leader of san francisco bay area where antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id63)
arlington , texas is located in fort worth , texas , tarrant county , texas , united states . (id64)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and atlanta is located . (id65)
the population of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( square metres ) and has 404 floors and a total area of 347 . 1 square metres . (id66)
newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey where the largest city is newark , new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the city of atlantic county , new jersey , united states , new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states . (id69)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington . (id70)
auburn , washington is part of washington , united states , the capital of which is olympia , washington . (id71)
atlanta is the capital of georgia , part of dougherty county , georgia and is the location of albany , georgia . (id72)
anderson , indiana is the largest city in alexandria , indiana which is part of madison county , indiana in united states . (id73)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where trenton , new jersey is the capital and united states is the capital . (id74)
arlington , texas is in texas where english language is spoken and the largest city is houston . (id75)
attica , indiana is located in fountain county , indiana , united states , which capital is washington , d . c . . (id76)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , fountain county , indiana , attica , indiana states . (id77)
akron , ohio is located in united states , where english language is spoken and the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id78)
akron , ohio is located in united states , summit county , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio . (id79)
albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon , united states , which includes asian americans . (id80)
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . (id81)
albany , georgia is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans . (id82)
angola , indiana is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are asian americans . (id83)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in albany , georgia which is part of the georgia region . the country is the location of united states where english language is spoken . (id84)
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . it has a total area of 1142 . 3 square metres and a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres . (id85)
atlanta is the location of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of georgia , united states , fulton county , georgia . (id86)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . (id87)
amarillo , texas is located in united states , potter county , texas , texas , where the capital is austin , texas . (id88)
california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california where spanish language is spoken . california is located in california state capitol . (id89)
anderson , indiana , which is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , has a population density of 523 . 9 and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . the airport is located at 268 . 0 and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in united states in the u . s . and has a total area of 16 . 55 square metres . (id91)
antioch , california , with an area of - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres and has a total area of 102372 square kilometres . it has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 , is lead by mayors of atlantic city , new jersey and has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the airport has an area of 609 square kilometres . (id93)
auburn , alabama is located in the state of alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , asian americans . (id94)
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in king county , washington . (id96)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington and king county , washington . (id97)
austin , texas is located in san marcos , texas , texas , houston , hays county , texas states . (id98)
anaheim , california is the leader of california where chinese language is spoken . the leader of california is california state assembly and california state capitol is located in the country . (id99)
georgia is found in the atlanta region of united states , alpharetta , georgia , fulton county , georgia . (id100)
indianapolis is the capital of indiana , part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in united states . (id101)
arlington , texas is located in texas , which is part of united states in united states . the country ' s spoken is english language . (id102)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , benton county , oregon , where african americans is an ethnic group . (id103)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city . (id104)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african americans . (id105)
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the leader is john sanchez the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is lead by new mexico senate . (id106)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in benton county , oregon . the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id107)
mayor of albuquerque is a leader in albuquerque , new mexico where the leader is mayor of albuquerque the country is the location of united states which has an ethnic group called native americans in the united states . (id108)
albany , georgia is a dish from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . (id109)
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of indiana . (id110)
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana and is where english language is spoken . (id111)
president of the united states is the leader of albany , georgia , part of georgia , where americans is the leader . the country is the location of united states which is part of the u . s . . (id112)
georgia is the largest city in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the largest city is fulton county , georgia and the largest city is atlanta . (id113)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of texas in united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken . (id114)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country . (id115)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in united states . it has a total population of 523 . 9 people and a population of 107 . 43 . (id117)
san francisco bay area is the location of antioch , california which is part of contra costa county , california in california where english language is spoken and california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader . (id118)
atlanta ( part of dekalb county , georgia ) has a total area of 344 . 9 square metres and has a total area of 1299 . 0 square kilometres . it is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . (id119)
attica , indiana , united states , has a total area of 783 . 1 square metres and a total area of 4 . 14 square metres . the airport is 166 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 . (id120)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . . the capital of alabama is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans . (id121)
auburn , washington is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states states . it has a total population of 914 . 8 people and a total population of 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id122)
round rock , texas is the largest city in texas where english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in georgetown , texas . (id123)
austin , texas is part of texas , new jersey , where english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in hays county , texas and english language is spoken . (id124)
hays county , texas is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston and spanish language is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in san marcos , texas . (id125)
alexandria , indiana is part of united states in indiana . indianapolis is the capital of united states and english americans is one of the ethnic groups in the country . (id126)
fort worth , texas is the county seat of arlington , texas and is the location of tarrant county , texas which is located in the city of houston , where spanish language is spoken . (id127)
arlington , texas is located in texas , united states , united states . the capital of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas and the capital is austin , texas . (id128)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where white americans is the largest city . the city is the location of new jersey which is located in the city of atlantic city , new jersey , where the largest city is atlantic city , new jersey . (id129)
americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the capital city is washington , d . c . the country is the location of albany , oregon which is located in linn county , oregon , linn county , oregon . (id130)
albany , oregon is located in united states , which is part of oregon . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the americans . (id131)
african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of steuben county , indiana , where english language is spoken and angola , indiana is spoken . (id132)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of lee county , alabama in alabama . the country is the location of auburn , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama . (id133)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , a country where auburn , alabama is located . it is located in opelika , alabama , lee county , alabama , alabama . (id134)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states which is part of the state of new jersey . the capital city is newark , new jersey and the capital city is trenton , new jersey . (id135)
barack obama is the leader of united states where english language is spoken . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico and the leader of the country is president of the united states . (id136)
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , where the americans are an ethnic group . (id137)
barack obama is the leader of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the country is the location of akron , ohio . (id138)
americans is the leader of united states where the leader is known as the president . president of the united states are an ethnic group in the us , where african americans is a leader . (id139)
