aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the president of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was built in 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
gravesend is the mayor of adam holloway .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide with a bachelor of science degree .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
the mayor of adonis georgiadis is antonis samaras .
deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping is the mayor of adonis georgiadis .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the start date of airey neave was 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave was awarded military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave has lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was built in 1935 .
albert b . white is republican party .
albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is union army .
alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire was established in rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the inauguration date of alfred moore scales was 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mayor of stamford , connecticut is the mayor of alfred n . phillips .
the inauguration date of allan shivers was 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers is united states army .
allan shivers is price daniel .
1853 - 03 - 04 was the start date of alvah sabin .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin .
american civil war was robert e . lee .
austrian german is spoken in austria .
battle of antietam was robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor was part of american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was a representative of gulf war .
dwight d . eisenhower is a representative of john f . kennedy .
josef klaus university of vienna .
francisco franco is a representative of juan carlos i of spain .
the coden code for juan peron ( amateurs ) is labour party .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
spanish - american war is the manager of united states army .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
aaron s . daggett was born in purple heart and was involved in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was awarded battle of gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is the leader of abdul rahman ya ' kub where the leader is stephen yong kuet tze .
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , born in kingdom of sarawak , is the chairman of abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and is affiliated with technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and was chief of the defence staff .
abdulsalami abubakar was first published by chief of the defence staff and al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the owner of abdulsalami abubakar which was created in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
mike akhigbe is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where olusegun obasanjo is the president .
joseph stalin is the leader of abner w . sibal which has world war ii as a representative .
united states army is the operating organisation for abner w . sibal which was involved in korean war .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent , gravesend .
virtuti militari is the author of adam koc which was involved in world war i and has the full name of entities_4 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and served by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , texas .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and served by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and served by parliamentary group leader .
airey neave was awarded military cross , and has royal artillery as an ingredient .
airey neave was involved in 1974 - 03 - 04 and are in battle of france .
hugo sperrle is the mayor of airey neave which has battle of france as an aircraft .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and was world war ii .
franklin d . roosevelt is the leader of airey neave , which has world war ii as one of its leaders .
joseph stalin is the leader of airey neave , which has world war ii as one of its leaders .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and politician .
albert jennings fountain ( born in new york city ) died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j . davis is the mayor of albert jennings fountain and died in new mexico territory .
republican party , born in new york city , is the chairman of albert jennings fountain .
alberto teisaire was provisional president of the argentine senate and the club is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol and is the birthplace of austria .
alfred moore scales was designed by governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid .
daniel gould fowle is the alma number of alfred moore scales which is affiliated with princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was involved in american civil war and is affiliated with united states army .
joseph stalin is the leader of allan shivers which has world war ii .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served by member of the texas state senate from district 4 .
ben ramsey is the chancellor of member of the texas state senate from district 4 , which is the location of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 and served as secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant comes from netherlands where the currency is euro .
agnes kant is from netherlands where mark rutte is a leader .
albert b . white is located in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , was a member of the astronaut office in battle of fredericksburg and was awarded purple heart .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak and is the birthplace of abdul rahman ya ' kub where the leader is stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in kingdom of sarawak ) is served by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and is located in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar ( born in niger state ) was a student at technical institute , kaduna and served by chief of the defence staff .
atiku abubakar is the leader of nigerian air force where abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo .
atiku abubakar is the leader of nigerian army where abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and is served by galicia and member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party operated galicia operated by spanish socialist workers ' party .
joseph stalin is the leader of united states army which is the location of abner w . sibal which has world war ii as one of its ethnic groups .
member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district is the current tenants of abner w . sibal , which is located in ridgewood , queens and has the mascot of republican party .
george h . w . bush is a tenant of adam holloway which is operated by grenadier guards and gulf war .
conservative party ( born in faversham ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a b . s .
adam koc , who was born in congress poland , was a member of the leon trotsky 11 crew and polish - soviet war .
adam koc is in polish - soviet war , which is part of russian civil war and leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , new jersey , athens . he served as a crew member of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens .
blue is a leader in adonis georgiadis where the leaders are antonis samaras and new democracy .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands whose leaders are mark rutte and house of representatives .
agnes kant is from netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and socialist party is the leader .
agnes kant was born in west germany , texas . he graduated from radboud university nijmegen with member of the house of representatives .
the construction of airey neave , which was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 , is world war ii and was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
the construction of airey neave , which was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 , is world war ii and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
albert b . white , who was born in marietta , ohio , has agnes ward white as one of its leaders and william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in united states .
alberto teisaire is in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the leader is buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , has rear admiral as its president and is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and served as member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was created by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and is located in darien , connecticut , has albert e . austin as one of its leaders .
member of the texas state senate from district 4 are the current tenants of allan shivers , which is lead by democratic party and has wilfred r . cousins , jr . as a leader .
burlington , vermont is the largest city of vermont which is the location of alvah sabin , which is owned by 1857 - 03 - 03 .
whig party is the location of alvah sabin which was inaugurated on 1793 - 10 - 23 and is lead by henry clay .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin , which is lead by daniel webster and was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln , who was born in united states , is served by albert jennings fountain and is the backup pilot of american civil war .
jefferson davis was a representative of american civil war , part of the u . s . and is served by alfred moore scales .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and was born in austria where doris bures is a leader .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , texas . the leader of austria is doris bures .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach was born in styria .
robert e . lee , who was born in battle of salem church , is part of american civil war and aaron s . daggett .
ab klink ( born in stellendam ) is from netherlands where euro is the currency .
adam koc is from poland where polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is kashubians .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded american civil war in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded battle of the wilderness in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya , kuching and parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud is located in kingdom of sarawak , asajaya , which is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
adenan satem , who is served by abdul taib mahmud , was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is served by sarawak ( led by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak ) .
adenan satem , who are the current tenants of abdul taib mahmud , was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is served by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu in sarawak .
atiku abubakar is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of nigerian army which was founded by oladipo diya .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of nigerian air force which has al - amin daggash as an ingredient .
felipe gonzalez was born in galicia and served as francisco franco and the juan carlos i of spain of abel caballero .
minister of transport , who was born in galicia , is the birthplace of abel caballero and is operated by spanish socialist workers ' party and spain .
abraham a . ribicoff was written in new britain , connecticut and is a popular tourist destination in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with an m . s . . he was gulf war and was born in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
joseph stalin is the leader of poland where polish language is spoken . the country is the location of adam koc in polish - soviet war .
adam koc ( born in new york city ) is part of russian civil war , which is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin is the leader of polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by vice - president of new democracy and greece .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by ministry of economy , development and tourism and greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and is served by makis voridis in greece .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the currency is euro and the leader is socialist party the leader of the us is socialist party .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the leaders are mark rutte and emile roemer . the leader of the us is socialist party .
emile roemer is the leader of socialist party where agnes kant is a traditional dish . the dish is served by red and is from netherlands .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
chiang kai - shek is the leader of hohne which is the location of airey neave which was founded in world war ii and has royal artillery as one of its leaders .
albert b . white ( born in cleveland ) was born in cleveland , texas . he was selected by william m . o . dawson in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson ( born in cleveland ) is the current tenant of albert b . white which was completed in 1901 - 03 - 04 and has a total of 1905 - 03 - 04 .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in new york , is spoken in french language , where abraham lincoln is the leader . he was born in new york and american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , texas . he was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico where jefferson davis is a leader .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory , new york , staten island states .
justicialist party is the leader of buenos aires where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader . the country is the location of alberto teisaire which is located in the country .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is affiliated with rear admiral .
daniel gould fowle is the owner of alfred moore scales which is located in reidsville , north carolina . the current leader of the country is governor of north carolina and the national anthem is democratic party .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with albert e . austin . the school ' s president is democratic party and member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was created in darien , connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and has democratic party as its president and mayor of stamford , connecticut .
price daniel is the leader of allan shivers where the leader is democratic party and governor of texas is served by lufkin , texas .
wilfred r . cousins , jr . , who was born in lufkin , texas , is served by governor of texas and is located in allan shivers where democratic party is the leader .
alvah sabin , which is located in the city of burlington , vermont , has vermont as its largest city and secretary of state of vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin where daniel webster is the leader . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
battle of gettysburg was a member of the robert e . lee 12 crew . he was part of american civil war and aaron s . daggett .
juan peron is a food found in argentina , where spanish language is spoken and the leader is labour party .
alberto teisaire ( journal ) is the home of juan peron which is based in mendoza , argentina . the leader of the country is labour party and the leader is isaac rojas .
abdul taib mahmud ( born on 1936 - 05 - 21 in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya and is led by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak , graduated from university of adelaide with a bachelor of science degree . it is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and adenan satem as its current tenants .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of 1999 - 05 - 29 which was published in the city of nigerian navy and has atiku abubakar as its leader .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where mike akhigbe is the president . olusegun obasanjo is the president of the us , which is affiliated with nigerian army and was born in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in united states . he was a student of governor of connecticut and democratic party .
abraham a . ribicoff was designed by united states secretary of health , education , and welfare who was born in connecticut , texas . he has democratic party as its leader and the us states .
abraham a . ribicoff is an american who was born in new york , texas . it was casey ribicoff and is served by united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from mit with a b . s . and is affiliated with magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ( born in faversham , kent , england ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was born in faversham , kent , england and was a member of grenadier guards ' s conservative party .
konstantinos mitsotakis ( born in greece ) was born in adonis georgiadis , which is led by antonis samaras and makis voridis .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands whose leaders are mark rutte and doesburg . the us is also the national of house of representatives and khadija arib .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the leaders are mark rutte and emile roemer . the country is the national of doesburg where emile roemer is the leader .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia on 1856 - 09 - 22 . he was born in 1856 on 1856 - 09 - 22 and was selected by nasa in 1941 .
albert b . white ( born in cleveland ) was born in cleveland , texas . he was agnes ward white and is served by william m . o . dawson in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was born in cleveland , texas . he was born in cleveland and served as agnes ward white . he was a crew member of governor of west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was inaugurated on 1901 - 03 - 04 . the leader of the country is william m . o . dawson and its leader is republican party .
juan peron ( led by eva peron ) is a leader in buenos aires , where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader . the country is the location of alberto teisaire which is lead by horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 in mendoza , argentina , texas . he was a us national and was created by provisional president of the argentine senate . he has rear admiral as an ingredient .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ) served as a crew member of austrian people ' s party . he died in styria , where austria is the leader .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ) served as a crew member of austrian people ' s party . he died in styria , where imst is the leader .
alvah sabin was established in sycamore , illinois and is located in the city of sycamore , illinois , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . it was completed in the year 1857 - 03 - 03 and has vermont as its largest city .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , texas , sycamore , illinois . the largest city of vermont is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alfred moore scales is part of jefferson davis , part of native americans in the united states . he was born in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales is part of jefferson davis in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the country is the location of american civil war which was commanded by the us .
juan peron is a food found in argentina , where the leader is eva peron and the leader is labour party ( argentina ) .
