abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , new zealand .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of andrews county airport .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
danes inhabit denmark .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves the city of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
united states air force fought battles in 1986 united states bombing of libya .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in united states air force .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county , maryland is to the north of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
the postmodern architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is georgian .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 floors .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is in arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people inhabit india .
the architect of julia morgan is los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids is a food found in united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( journal ) is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the addiction journal belongs to the academic discipline , addiction .
aenir is written in english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
castle is english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys was a glastonbury romance .
soho press is in united states .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states .
english language is spoken in united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played the 2014 - 15 season 2014 - 15 football league
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in azerbaijan premier league
az alkmaar played the 2014 - 15 season 2014 - 15 eredivisie
akron , ohio is in united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is ' ' akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is located in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger is a member of 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is a food found in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the northeast of kerala is mahe , india .
the municipality of mendrisio is meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the full name of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 members .
alan bean is from united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
the fossil of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
the comic book character april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman stars bbc .
the comic character ben urich ' s alter ego is benjamin urich .
the comic book character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the alternative name for the comic character , bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the comic character black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won eisner award .
karl kesel is an americans .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of united states .
united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding should be served warm or cold .
colombian cuisine is part of bandeja paisa .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region .
barny cakes is part of 30 . 0 g .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is classed as a bird .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of frederick , maryland , monocacy national battlefield .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , located in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is in united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , where the capital is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by united states house of representatives in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , in united states .
anaheim , california is part of california , which is lead by united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , in united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
antioch , california , which is located at 13 . 0 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas , 184 . 0 , has a total area of 258 . 2 square metres .
arlington , texas is in texas , in united states .
atlanta is in united states which is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states which is the location of albany , oregon .
amarillo , texas is located in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is a dish from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is a dish from united states where english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states where the leader is called president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where italian language is spoken .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy .
arros arros negre comes from the region of valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is from indonesia and is popular in malaysia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich dish which is a variation of bacon sandwich .
bacon is a main ingredient in the sausage bacon explosion .
bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich which is a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is a member of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesia dish of batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is from india where indian people .
bhajji is from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines region of the banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico can be found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
bionico , which contains granola , is a dish from guadalajara .
dessert is a variation of cake and bionico .
bakso is from indonesia where joko widodo is a leader .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and its runway length is 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
united states air force fought in invasion of grenada and operates al asad airbase .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is monocotyledon .
alderney airport has a runway length of 877 . 0 and is made of asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 feet .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 which is made of poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is based in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located in brasilia and is operated by afonso pena international airport .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is verona , italy .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
the manager of 1 . a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
the manager a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for blackburn rovers f . c . .
the manager a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus f . c . .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina ) has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
olympic stadium is the location of aek athens f . c . and play in superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax .
azal pfk ground is azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : 1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia demarce , is available as a e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the lccn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance which was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who publish a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is english language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , which was published by julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the evil librarians which was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish american journal of mathematics .
1634 : the ram rebellion originates from united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice originates from united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1 decembrie 1918 university is known as uab and is located in alba .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore , b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , where the leader is kochi .
the comic book character april o ' neil was created by peter laird , united states .
jill shilling stars in bananaman which is broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic character ben urich , also known as benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie .
the character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character bibbo bibbowski , also known as bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , who is now retired , was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 .
alan shepard , deceased , was test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders ( retired ) graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square in united states has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect john george winkler who is located in united states .
hok sve 3arena was completed in east link bridge .
populous is the architect of 3arena in dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor adare is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is in japan where brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
county limerick adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
dublin is part of republic of ireland and 3arena .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , who was born in united states , graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a sc . d in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin .
elliot see was born in 1962 and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin . he was selected by nasa in 1962 .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin at austin which is lead by francis g . slay and died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
purple finch , who was born in new hampshire , is the birthplace of alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
the print book 1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written in english language , is spoken in great britain and was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems is published by association for computing machinery which is lead by alexander l . wolf and is based in new york city .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson is the editor of aip advances which is affiliated with stanford university and is in united states .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english language and published by soho press in united states .
a severed wasp , published in united states , is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is 388 pages long and is available in hardcover with the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english language and was followed by above the veil and australians .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by 1634 : above the veil which is written in english language .
the hardcover book above the veil has 248 pages and was written by garth nix .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and lccn number 60040714 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( abbreviated to 1360 - 0443 ) is addiction .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
1634 : aenir was written by garth nix , written in english language and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states , is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
english language is spoken in great britain and united states , where alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , was born in blaenau ffestiniog and is served by a glastonbury romance .
administrative science quarterly is the publisher of sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from united states where native americans in the united states and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars is written in english language and is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
a wizard of mars is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from united states where the leader is called president of the united states and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from united states where the leader is called president of the united states and native americans in the united states .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel ( footballer ) who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan he plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , which has 1500 members , is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . he is also the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
livorno calcio s . p . a . ( abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio ) has 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
christian panucci , who played for carpi f . c . 1909 , is in the serie b b league and manages a . s . livorno calcio .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece a league in which olympiacos f . c . are previous champions .
gus poyet plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . he is also the manager of aek athens f . c . .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) play .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , amsterdam - noord , which is home to afc ajax .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages empoli f . c . and plays for udinese calcio and a . s . roma .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago has been the manager of s . s . chieti calcio and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john john madin , was born in birmingham and is located at colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , which is lead by rahm emanuel .
320 south boston building , designed by george winkler , is located in united states and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay completed in december 2008 .
denmark is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is owned by marriott international .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , is the architect of adare manor and palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by j . p . mcmanus and was completed in 1862 .
haputale adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is located in tudor and jacabian .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of haputale where adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is sri lankan rupee .
the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are 30 march 2007 and mason school of business in united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the significant buildings of asilomar conference grounds , chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who is located in birmingham , where conservative party is the leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where liberal democrats is the leader .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
bill marriott is the key person at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is the tenant of marriott international in bethesda , maryland .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia , in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of the country is new mexico senate and it has 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is located in fulton county , georgia , united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states , which is part of georgia and has asian americans as an ethnic group .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and alpharetta , georgia is located .
anaheim , california , which has - 7 , has an area of 657 , 714 square metres and a total area of 131 . 6 square metres .
anaheim , california is in california state capitol , california , which is lead by california state senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states , indiana .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
united states house of representatives is the leader of san francisco bay area where antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas is located in fort worth , texas , tarrant county , texas , united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . where asian americans are an ethnic group and atlanta is located .
the population of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( square metres ) and has 404 floors and a total area of 347 . 1 square metres .
newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey where the largest city is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the city of atlantic county , new jersey , united states , new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington , united states , the capital of which is olympia , washington .
atlanta is the capital of georgia , part of dougherty county , georgia and is the location of albany , georgia .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in alexandria , indiana which is part of madison county , indiana in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where trenton , new jersey is the capital and united states is the capital .
arlington , texas is in texas where english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is located in fountain county , indiana , united states , which capital is washington , d . c . .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , fountain county , indiana , attica , indiana states .
akron , ohio is located in united states , where english language is spoken and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
akron , ohio is located in united states , summit county , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon , united states , which includes asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
angola , indiana is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are asian americans .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s the runway name is 10r / 28l and its length is 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
agra airport , located in uttar pradesh , is operated by indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in 1986 united states bombing of libya and deploy mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force who fought in invasion of grenada and deploy mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
alderney is served by alderney alderney airport which has a runway made of poaceae which is 877 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority which is located in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 1773 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 896 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english language is spoken and the capital city is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano live .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which is located in new jersey and serves the city of new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , where the leader is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in spain , madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is people ' s party .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , carroll county , maryland , united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is turk sehitleri aniti and the capital city is baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in the city of national assembly .
ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where ahmet davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is ankara .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem , a dish from javanese cuisine .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from the rome region of italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy and is found in rome .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
blt is a variation of club sandwich and the lettuce and bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of club sandwich , which contains bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in united states .
baked alaska ( which contains sponge cake ) is a dessert that contains cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from derbyshire dales and contains ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding , a variation of bakewell tart , can be found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is from paisa region , colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and noodle .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , vegetable and beef .
tony tan is the leader of nationwide in singapore and indonesia where beef kway teow comes from .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . cookie is a variation of dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which is served as a dessert and cookie .
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which is part of the solanales order and banana .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert dish from mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisin .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people .
beef kway teow is from singapore where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of mahe , india , kerala , where the leader is kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is desteapta - te , romane ! and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with european university association in brussels .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and was established in 1928 .
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french people .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and first aired on 1986 - 04 - 15 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring walt disney studios motion pictures and scott adsit .
the distributor of big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , is walt disney studios motion pictures which is in baymax .
walt disney studios motion pictures is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and starred baymax .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
construction of 103 colmore row , birmingham , completed in 1973 , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of coloured .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in leinster , republic of ireland .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn and is owned by marriott international .
adare adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is vietnamese people in japan and the ethnic group is vietnamese people in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita . the country ' s ethnic groups is brazilians in japan and the country is the location of japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary and is located in williamsburg , virginia , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove , california and was built in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on avenue a and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , brooklyn states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan where asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is andrew mitchell and b postcode area is the governing body .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is labour party and b postcode area is the governing body .
india is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located . the leader of the country is anandiben patel .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , which is lead by t . s . thakur and narendra modi .
akita , akita is located in akita , akita , japan , where brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . it is also found in akita museum of art .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where london is located . the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where english is english language and the leader is joe biden the leader of the country is president of the united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property . it is located in pennsylvania , united states .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is prime minister of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the name of the name turk sehitleri aniti .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 .
turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital city is bronze .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . the leader of turkey is president of turkey .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in albany , georgia which is part of the georgia region . the country is the location of united states where english language is spoken .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . it has a total area of 1142 . 3 square metres and a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres .
atlanta is the location of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of georgia , united states , fulton county , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas is located in united states , potter county , texas , texas , where the capital is austin , texas .
california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california where spanish language is spoken . california is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana , which is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , has a population density of 523 . 9 and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . the airport is located at 268 . 0 and is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in united states in the u . s . and has a total area of 16 . 55 square metres .
antioch , california , with an area of - 7 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres and has a total area of 102372 square kilometres . it has a total area of 75 . 324 square metres .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 , is lead by mayors of atlantic city , new jersey and has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . the airport has an area of 609 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is located in the state of alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , asian americans .
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in king county , washington .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington and king county , washington .
austin , texas is located in san marcos , texas , texas , houston , hays county , texas states .
anaheim , california is the leader of california where chinese language is spoken . the leader of california is california state assembly and california state capitol is located in the country .
georgia is found in the atlanta region of united states , alpharetta , georgia , fulton county , georgia .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana , part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
arlington , texas is located in texas , which is part of united states in united states . the country ' s spoken is english language .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , benton county , oregon , where african americans is an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the leader is john sanchez the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is lead by new mexico senate .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in benton county , oregon . the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
mayor of albuquerque is a leader in albuquerque , new mexico where the leader is mayor of albuquerque the country is the location of united states which has an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is a dish from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of indiana .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana and is where english language is spoken .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel ( footballer ) who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) plays for carrarese calcio and has been manager of a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini ( born in italy ) is the manager of a . c . lumezzane he has played for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . their ground is antonis milionis in the town of athens .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . blackpool ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . and has the leader conservative party .
gordon marsden is a leader in blackpool where gordon marsden is the leader . the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county f . c . .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their ground is warton , fylde , lancashire .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their full name is bryning lane .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina he plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . .
aek athens f . c . ( which has 69618 members ) , has a ground in greece and played in superleague greece in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , owned by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax n . v . .
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( abbreviated to afc ajax ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar he plays for vitesse arnhem and netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in campeonato brasileiro serie c where the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
akron summit assault ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school , summit county , ohio , united states states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc admira wacker modling . he is affiliated with fk austria wien and is affiliated with sk vorwarts steyr .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
lake placid , new york is served by adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is named saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by indian air force and is located in india . the iata location identifier of the airport is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase the usaf fought in invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 ac - 130 attack aircraft and mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it is 2014 . 0 long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it is 2014 . 0 long .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews , texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in united states , where the capital is austin , texas and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in united states , where the capital is austin , texas and english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region and operated by flemish government the airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
turkmenistan airlines is the operating organisation for ashgabat international airport the airport is operated by turkmenistan and turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata . the airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in united states . the leader of egg harbor township , new jersey is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the leader is charles michel and german language is spoken .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where french language is spoken . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of harrietstown , new york , saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is fuad masum and they speak kurdish languages .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and they speak kurdish languages .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of pakistan which is the location of lahore in punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plant and belongs to the commelinids order of monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house and is located in the city of london , broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by stv and starred steve bright .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and was created by americans and duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , wrote 1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
the e - book book , 1634 : the ram rebellion , has 512 pages and was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( led by elizabeth ii ) is published in united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
j . v . jones is the author of 1634 : a fortress of grey ice which has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and is available in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is english language spoken in great britain the book originates from united states where native americans in the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in united states where english language is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
the hardcover book , a wizard of mars , has 560 pages and was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the issn number 83646315 . the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly the university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language which is spoken in great britain the book originates from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in united states which is the publisher of american journal of mathematics which was published in 1878 .
english language is spoken in great britain and united states . the us includes asian americans and alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
a wizard of mars is from united states , where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars is from united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english language .
barack obama is the leader of united states where a wizard of mars is spoken . the us is also the location of english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the us navy , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he was awarded 20 by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
dianne feinstein was born in california and died in california . he was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has a ganges .
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , india . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for all india council for technical education in mumbai .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia which is part of alba county in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest .
aarhus is located in denmark . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen and the magistrate is magistrate .
awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the city of kerala which is lead by kochi and has 250 academic staff .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital city is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of the country is parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of batak in malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are malaysian malay and sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , sumatra , malays and minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich , a variation of club sandwich , which is a variation of blt .
bacon sandwich are popular in the uk . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
united states are an ethnic group in the u . s . where baked alaska is a dessert . cookie are an ethnic group from the country .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake . the dish comes from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream .
bakewell pudding ( or bakewell tart ) comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire dales , which includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine from paisa region . it contains kidney bean and red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon and hogao .
barny cakes come from france where french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the leader is gerard larcher .
batagor , a variation of siomay , is found in the indonesia . the main ingredients are shiitake .
batchoy comes from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , pork , and beef .
batchoy is soup from the philippines region of the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia in singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow is popular in indonesia and is popular in singapore and sesame oil .
bhaji , bajji is an ingredient in bhajji which is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are vegetable .
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji and originates from karnataka . the main ingredients are vegetable and gram flour , vegetables .
sweet potato is part of the order of solanales and flowering plant . it is an ingredient in binignit along with sago .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains granola .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . cookie is a dessert .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the leader of java is tony tan and the ethnic group is baduy .
batchoy comes from the philippines , where zamboangans is spoken and the ethnic group is ilocano people and the language spoken is philippine spanish .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the ethnic groups are zamboangans and igorot people .
cookie is a dessert dish from philippines where philippine english is spoken . it is also a dessert .
sandesh is a dessert found in philippines where philippine english is spoken . the binignit is also a dessert .
1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by virginia demarce and eric flint and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint it was followed by the grantville gazette and followed by ring of ring of fire ii .
cornell university , in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly it is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states , where one of the ethnic groups are african americans . english language is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . english language is also spoken in great britain and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english language is also spoken in great britain and the united states .
a severed wasp is the capital of united states where one of the ethnic groups are native americans in the united states . english language is spoken in great britain and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
the novel into battle , which was created by aenir , is the sequel to above the veil and is located in australians , where the violet keystone are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english language is spoken in great britain .
1634 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in united states , where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the book was written in the us , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in united states , where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from united states , where the leader is known as the president . english language is spoken in great britain and the leader is president of the united states asian americans are an ethnic group there .
president of the united states is the leader of albany , georgia , part of georgia , where americans is the leader . the country is the location of united states which is part of the u . s . .
georgia is the largest city in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the largest city is fulton county , georgia and the largest city is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of texas in united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in united states . it has a total population of 523 . 9 people and a population of 107 . 43 .
san francisco bay area is the location of antioch , california which is part of contra costa county , california in california where english language is spoken and california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader .
atlanta ( part of dekalb county , georgia ) has a total area of 344 . 9 square metres and has a total area of 1299 . 0 square kilometres . it is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
attica , indiana , united states , has a total area of 783 . 1 square metres and a total area of 4 . 14 square metres . the airport is 166 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . . the capital of alabama is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans .
auburn , washington is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states states . it has a total population of 914 . 8 people and a total population of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
round rock , texas is the largest city in texas where english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in georgetown , texas .
austin , texas is part of texas , new jersey , where english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in hays county , texas and english language is spoken .
hays county , texas is the largest city in texas , where the largest city is houston and spanish language is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in san marcos , texas .
alexandria , indiana is part of united states in indiana . indianapolis is the capital of united states and english americans is one of the ethnic groups in the country .
fort worth , texas is the county seat of arlington , texas and is the location of tarrant county , texas which is located in the city of houston , where spanish language is spoken .
arlington , texas is located in texas , united states , united states . the capital of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas and the capital is austin , texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where white americans is the largest city . the city is the location of new jersey which is located in the city of atlantic city , new jersey , where the largest city is atlantic city , new jersey .
americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the capital city is washington , d . c . the country is the location of albany , oregon which is located in linn county , oregon , linn county , oregon .
albany , oregon is located in united states , which is part of oregon . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the americans .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of steuben county , indiana , where english language is spoken and angola , indiana is spoken .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of lee county , alabama in alabama . the country is the location of auburn , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , a country where auburn , alabama is located . it is located in opelika , alabama , lee county , alabama , alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states which is part of the state of new jersey . the capital city is newark , new jersey and the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
barack obama is the leader of united states where english language is spoken . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico and the leader of the country is president of the united states .
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , where the americans are an ethnic group .
barack obama is the leader of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the country is the location of akron , ohio .
americans is the leader of united states where the leader is known as the president . president of the united states are an ethnic group in the us , where african americans is a leader .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as contributing property .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , pennsylvania . it is categorised as contributing property . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland and to the southeast carroll county , cumberland county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is frederick county , maryland .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister of azerbaijan the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku .
ataturk monument is the largest city of turkey which is lead by president of turkey the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and mahe , india to its northwest .
acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
monarchy of denmark is the leader of denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen the country is the location of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which is located in european university association .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the largest city in india is mumbai , awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where kochi is the leader . the ganges is a river in india .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in mendrisio , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has mols to its northeast . mols is the location of european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
baymax is a character in duncan rouleau , which was created by big hero 6 and starred alan tudyk . it was created by steven t . seagle and the americans .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where pietro grasso is a leader . the club is managed by michele marcolini who plays for vicenza calcio and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( athens ) . the club is located in the city of blackpool where labour party is the leader . the club is attached to the club chesterfield f . c . club .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , italy . the leader of serie d is sergio mattarella and they speak italian language .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . he plays for real zaragoza and is located in marousi , marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the country ' s capital is rome and italian is italian language spoken .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital city is rome . the country ' s leader is sergio mattarella and they speak italian language .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where indonesian language is spoken . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra and malay peninsula is the capital .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra is the capital .
asam pedas is a food found in malay peninsula , malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
sausage bacon explosion is from kansas city metropolitan area in united states . the main ingredients are sausage and bacon , sausage .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken there .
bacon sandwich ( which can be known as a blt ) , can be found in the uk , united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . the leaders of france are manuel valls valls and gerard gerard larcher . french language is spoken in the country .
lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from antioquia department in colombia .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where gerard larcher is the leader and french language is spoken and francois hollande is the leader .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . it is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and bhaji , bajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is t . s . thakur and indian people is the leader of the karnataka region .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan and indian people .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , sour cream , shredded coconut and raisins . it is served as dessert and is a dessert dish in mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto and honey is the leader .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo the leader of mexico is jalisco and honey is also a dessert .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is carles puigdemont and the spaniards people are spaniards .
rome is the capital of italy where italian language is spoken . two of the leaders in the country is matteo renzi and italian language is spoken . amatriciana sauce is spoken in italy .
amatriciana sauce is the leader of italy where the people are known as italians and sergio mattarella . the capital city is rome and the country is lead by sergio mattarella .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso matteo renzi is spoken in italy , where italian language is spoken .
javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english language is spoken . the leader of java is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is javanese people .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups in the philippines are zamboangans and philippine spanish and the language is batchoy .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is a traditional dish from andalusia , where the leader is spaniards .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he was test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the us navy , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 ' s frank borman 12 mission . he was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey in united states . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders and retired .
buzz aldrin was born in 1930 - 01 - 20 on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa .
apollo 14 was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of the nasa operated california . benitoite is the location of california .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . he was born in new hampshire and died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
margrethe ii of denmark is spoken in denmark which is part of central denmark region . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup which is part of central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport - - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 610 . 0 metres above sea level . the airport has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by indian air force the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase the usaf fought battles in 1986 united states bombing of libya and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 ac - 130 attack aircraft and boeing c - 17 globemaster iii ( aircraft fighter ) and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase they were involved in the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states . they deploy lockheed ac - 130 and operation enduring freedom .
alderney is served by alderney alderney airport which is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located at maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan metres above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it is 159 metres above sea level . the runway name is 05l / 23r .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country ' s leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country ' s leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey where the leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is philippe of belgium and charles michel is the capital city .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey in united states in united states . the airport has the icao location identifier of kacy and is located in atlantic city international airport .
new york serves the city of harrietstown , new york , saranac lake , new york , lake placid , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york , harrietstown , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , part of awadh , bundelkhand . the airport is operated by bundelkhand and hal light combat helicopter operates indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by bundelkhand . the airport is operated by indian air force and hal light combat helicopter is part of bundelkhand .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , ohio states , united states states .
250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york , postmodern architecture . it was started in january , 2014 and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , united states states . the capital of the country is springfield , illinois and rahm emanuel is the capital city .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where faroese language is spoken . the hotel is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . and was founded in washington , d . c . .
bill marriott is the key person of marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which is lead by bill marriott .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen the tenant of marriott international is ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . .
adare manor in bloomsbury was designed by the architect john augustus pugin who was designed by the architect john palace of westminster who was born in bloomsbury .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a height of 42 m square metres . it was built in 1961 and has a height of 42 m square metres . the current tenants are government of addis ababa .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture . it has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . the leader of japan is taro aso and the leader is taro aso .
alan b . miller hall , designed by college of william & mary , is located in virginia , united states . the architect was robert a . m . stern and the architect is college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . the leader of gujarat is sumitra mahajan and the leader is gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka .
eastern province , sri lanka is the capital of sri lanka where the leader is eastern provincial council the country is the location of ampara hospital in eastern province , sri lanka which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of los angeles herald - examiner , asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle , and riverside art museum .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states , new netherland states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham which has b postcode area as its governing body . the city was designed by john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where president of the united states is the leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue which is lead by john roberts and is located in barack obama .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , 11th mississippi infantry monument . it is categorised as contributing property and has franklin county , pennsylvania to its southeast and carroll county , maryland to the southeast . cumberland county , pennsylvania is the location of 11th mississippi infantry monument .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . the memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
artur rasizade is the leader of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the soldiers of red granite and white marble killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as historic districts in the united states .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 in wheeler , texas , texas . he was test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean was born on the alan lavern bean . he was a member of the crew of apollo 12 operated by david scott . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 mission . david scott was the backup pilot and the backup pilot was alfred worden .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders and the backup pilot was william anders .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
california is from the state of benitoite , new jersey . the school is the location of the state of smilodon which is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . the school was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 with a b . s . . he was fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 ' s apollo 8 8 mission along with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and buzz aldrin on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin as backup pilot .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . . it was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the leader is monarchy of denmark the country is the location of european university association which is located in brussels where the leader is monarchy of denmark and the leader is monarchy of denmark .
the city of aarhus is located in the city of aarhus in denmark . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university the city of the city of aarhus is thomas pallesen .
awh engineering college in ganges , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in the state of mumbai and the ganges is the ganges .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in mendrisio , denmark . it was established in 1928 . it has 16000 students and 737 academic staff . its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
ataturk monument is the capital of turkey where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk pietro canonica designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country ' s leader is turkish lira and the largest city is ankara . the country ' s leader is turkish lira .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . the dean is mario botta .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india , india . it was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated to dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka , karnataka . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing body of the country is international tennis federation .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and the country ' s capital is bucharest .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with european university association its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus in the city of european university association in denmark . the leader of the country is monarchy of denmark and the leader is monarchy of denmark the leader of the country is monarchy of denmark .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . the latin name of the country is thomas pallesen and it has 16000 students .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on 1932 - 03 - 15 . he graduated from ut austin , b . s . 1955 with a bachelor of science degree . he was test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on 1923 - 11 - 18 . he graduated from nwc with nwc , m . a . 1957 in 1957 . he was test pilot and was chosen by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated mission . he was commanded by alfred worden , who was test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was edwin e . aldrin , jr . and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he was born in 1930 - 01 - 20 on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he is now retired .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 . he is now retired and was a crew member on british hong kong . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
william anders was born in british hong kong , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of the nasa operated 1969 - 09 - 01 . he was operated by nasa and was operated by nasa .
william anders was born in british hong kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 . he joined nasa in 1963 and spent 8820 . 0 minutes in space . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the president of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was built in 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
gravesend is the mayor of adam holloway .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide with a bachelor of science degree .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
the mayor of adonis georgiadis is antonis samaras .
deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping is the mayor of adonis georgiadis .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the start date of airey neave was 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave was awarded military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave has lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was built in 1935 .
albert b . white is republican party .
albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is union army .
alberto teisaire is argentina .
alberto teisaire was established in rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the inauguration date of alfred moore scales was 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
mayor of stamford , connecticut is the mayor of alfred n . phillips .
the inauguration date of allan shivers was 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers is united states army .
allan shivers is price daniel .
1853 - 03 - 04 was the start date of alvah sabin .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin .
american civil war was robert e . lee .
austrian german is spoken in austria .
battle of antietam was robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor was part of american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was a representative of gulf war .
dwight d . eisenhower is a representative of john f . kennedy .
josef klaus university of vienna .
francisco franco is a representative of juan carlos i of spain .
the coden code for juan peron ( amateurs ) is labour party .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
spanish - american war is the manager of united states army .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
230 is the lccn number of 1955 dodge .
a - rosa luna was inaugurated on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was inaugurated on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
aidastella was completed in 2013 - 03 - 11 .
2013 - 03 - 17 is the lccn number of aidastella .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 is operated by mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
straight - four engine is the operating organisation of abarth 1000 gt coupe which is based in entities_3 .
honda k engine is the lccn number of acura tlx .
acura tlx is awd .
acura tlx is part of the honda accord family and is part of the family of honda accord .
acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic .
alfa romeo 164 is in arese .
alfa romeo 164 is part of lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic .
alhambra was designed by samuda brothers .
8 . 3 m is the operating organisation for alhambra .
alhambra is called wrecked .
alhambra has a total of 18 . 52 metres .
straight - six engine is the lccn number of alvis speed 25 and is the operating organisation of entities_3 .
alvis speed 25 was built in 1937 .
4 . 6 m is the operating organisation for american submarine nr - 1 .
antares was a crew member of 2014 - 10 - 28 .
antares is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
ariane 5 is operated by guiana space centre .
2005 - 08 - 11 is a crew member of ariane 5 .
convertible is the main ingredient of aston martin v8 .
aston martin v8 is operated by aston martin .
aston martin virage is operated by aston martin .
atlas ii was a crew member of 1998 - 03 - 16 .
atlas ii is located in vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 is audi brussels .
audi a1 is part of seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom is part of chrysler newport .
fiat croma is part of alfa romeo 164 .
germans inhabit germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
kourou , french guiana is the operating organisation of guiana space centre .
honda k engine is operated by honda .
the star - spangled banner is the anthem of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez is a member of uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team .
abner was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent plays for atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in qatar stars league .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc is in qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 metres long .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is affiliated with a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is located in the city of atlanta .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins .
budapest is in hungary .
english language is spoken in canada .
slavey language is spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
finnish language is spoken in finland .
italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
motherwell f . c . ground is fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams died in st . louis .
tennessee titans is in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was first published in 1998 .
the horns of happiness starred in aaron deer .
kill rock stars is the publisher of aaron deer .
aaron turner is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is progressive metal .
abradab was solo singer .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza is guarania .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones was sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa was created by hector numa moraes and entities_3 .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay .
rca records is the publisher of alfredo zitarrosa .
alison o ' donnell was first published in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell jazz .
alison o ' donnell is voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
allen forrest is pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne was created by johnny sansone .
anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
anders osborne was published by alligator records in the u . s . .
andra is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was first built in 2009 .
andrew rayel was created by christian burns and is served by entities_3 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white was created by marry banilow and entities_3 .
andrew white is operated by b - unique records .
asuncion is part of the state of gran asuncion .
christian burns is guitar .
hip hop music is gangsta rap .
hip hop music is funk .
indie rock is new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
sony music entertainment is the owner of rca records .
rock and roll is blues .
synthpop is pop music .
british people inhabit united kingdom .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) is a member of 2 . 0 and is operated by entities_3 .
1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the lccn number of 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 .
the lccn number of 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 .
1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 piazzia is a variation of 0 . 0252 and is a member of the second runway of entities_3 .
1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc .
1001 gaussia is a 165 . 0 course .
101 helena is 441092000 . 0 .
101 helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
101 helena is 3 . 0 .
1036 ganymed is a member of 16 . 86 and is the operating organisation of entities_3 .
7 . 66 is the lccn number of 103 hera .
103 hera is 7 . 9 .
7 . 08 is the lccn number of 107 camilla .
a . storrs is the parent company of 107 camilla .
1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1202 . 846 is the lccn number of 1089 tama .
1097 vicia is a member of 17 . 92 and is the operating organisation of entities_3 .
1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
95040 . 0 is the lccn number of 1097 vicia .
christian heinrich friedrich peters is the lccn number of 109 felicitas .
109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
10 hygiea is a member of 16 . 76 and is the operating organisation of entities_3 .
1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
11264 claudiomaccone can be found in 173 . 0 .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan in 1955 .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett was born in purple heart and was involved in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart and was awarded battle of gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is the leader of abdul rahman ya ' kub where the leader is stephen yong kuet tze .
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , born in kingdom of sarawak , is the chairman of abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and is affiliated with technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and was chief of the defence staff .
abdulsalami abubakar was first published by chief of the defence staff and al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the owner of abdulsalami abubakar which was created in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
mike akhigbe is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where olusegun obasanjo is the president .
joseph stalin is the leader of abner w . sibal which has world war ii as a representative .
united states army is the operating organisation for abner w . sibal which was involved in korean war .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent , gravesend .
virtuti militari is the author of adam koc which was involved in world war i and has the full name of entities_4 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and served by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , texas .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and served by deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and served by parliamentary group leader .
airey neave was awarded military cross , and has royal artillery as an ingredient .
airey neave was involved in 1974 - 03 - 04 and are in battle of france .
hugo sperrle is the mayor of airey neave which has battle of france as an aircraft .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and was world war ii .
franklin d . roosevelt is the leader of airey neave , which has world war ii as one of its leaders .
joseph stalin is the leader of airey neave , which has world war ii as one of its leaders .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and politician .
albert jennings fountain ( born in new york city ) died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j . davis is the mayor of albert jennings fountain and died in new mexico territory .
republican party , born in new york city , is the chairman of albert jennings fountain .
alberto teisaire was provisional president of the argentine senate and the club is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol and is the birthplace of austria .
alfred moore scales was designed by governor of north carolina and is located in james w . reid .
daniel gould fowle is the alma number of alfred moore scales which is affiliated with princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was involved in american civil war and is affiliated with united states army .
joseph stalin is the leader of allan shivers which has world war ii .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served by member of the texas state senate from district 4 .
ben ramsey is the chancellor of member of the texas state senate from district 4 , which is the location of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 and served as secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant comes from netherlands where the currency is euro .
agnes kant is from netherlands where mark rutte is a leader .
albert b . white is located in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
the manager of 1 . abel hernandez is penarol who is the manager of 1 . jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is a player in u . s . citta di palermo and is the manager of 1 . penarol .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team and plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher is attached to psv eindhoven and plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad is attached to steel azin f . c . and plays for al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and manages thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers played for new england patriots and 39 .
akeem ayers , who played for tennessee titans , has 39 as the champions .
akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 , in 1987 .
akeem priestley is attached to connecticut huskies and plays for sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley is attached to rops and plays for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is in al - khor sports club and plays for al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and manages amar osim .
alan martin is a member of hamilton academical f . c . and plays for leeds united f . c . .
alan martin is a member of hamilton academical f . c . , and new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 and florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow and manages valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is attached to fc spartak moscow and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and is in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli is attached to fc karpaty lviv and plays for fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante , who was born in manitoba , was born in 1989 .
alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08 and was at pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league and is part of maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where conservative party of canada is the leader .
adam mcquaid was born in canada , where the capital is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where english language is spoken .
levan khomeriki manages fc dinamo batumi and plays for aleksandre guruli .
the ground of aleksandr prudnikov is located in fc spartak moscow , otkrytiye arena .
rops play in veikkausliiga , akeem priestley are the champions .
palo seco velodrome is the ground of united petrotrin f . c . which is based in akeem adams .
psychedelia is the publisher of aaron deer which has the lccn number guitar .
aaron deer is from the united states region of indiana .
aaron turner , which is made with electroacoustic music , was created by twilight .
aaron turner , made with avant - garde metal , is singing .
magik and kaliber 44 are leaders in abradab .
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice .
ace wilder is made with hip hop music and disco .
solo singer is the author of ace wilder which is a member of warner music group .
agustin barboza , who was born in paraguay , was a member of the philips records 11 club .
alan frew , starring rock music , is made with bhangra .
alan frew is made with rock music and is made with country music .
blues is the main ingredient of albennie jones which is jazz .
aleksandra kovac , starring solo singer , is made at pop music .
aleksandra kovac is made with rhythm and blues and is blues .
aleksandra kovac , which was created in 1990 , is soul music .
alex day is made with synthpop and is made with new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa , milonga , was created by solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was created by solo singer , is taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , starring solo singer , is made from zamba .
alison o ' donnell , broadcasted by bajik and plastik mak .
alison o ' donnell , starring folk rock , was created by floating world records .
alison o ' donnell ( jazz ) is published by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest , broadcasted by solo singer , is hip hop music .
alternative rock ( andrew white ) is made with christian alternative rock .
anders osborne was created by tab benoit and phil lesh and friends .
anders osborne , broadcasted by rabadash records , is rhythm and blues .
anders osborne , starring rhythm and blues , was created by shanachie records .
andra , which was created in 2000 , is pop music .
andra is made with rhythm and blues and is blues .
jonathan mendelsohn is the creator of andrew rayel , which was created by christian burns .
mark sixma is a character in andrew rayel , which is led by jonathan mendelsohn .
armin van buuren is the distributor of andrew rayel , which is voiced by jwaydan moyine .
andrew white is made with alternative rock and is new wave music .
banjo is the abbreviation of country music which is the location of al anderson .
polydor records in london is the location of andrew white .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) is operated by 0 . 0925 and has the lccn number 6603633000 . 0 .
the lccn number of 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 and it has 211 . 0 members .
spacewatch is the lccn number of 2009 fd which has the lccn number 88234300000 . 0 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) is operated by 0 . 0999 and has the lccn number 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1999 kw4 ( journal ) has the lccn number 2004 - 07 - 14 and the lccn number 16244700 . 0 .
1999 kw4 ( journal ) has the lccn number 2004 - 07 - 14 and the lccn number 9953 . 28 .
peritonitis is the parent company of james craig watson , which is the location of 101 helena .
1036 ganymed is a 16 . 86 and has the lccn number 611961000 . 0 .
1036 ganymed , born in german empire , is operated by walter baade .
1036 ganymed , which is from germany , is walter baade .
peritonitis is the parent company of james craig watson , which is the location of 103 hera .
james craig watson is the operating organisation of 103 hera , which is from canada .
107 camilla , born in nottingham , is operated by n . r . pogson .
1089 tama is known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; and is known as 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama is a 179 . 0 that has the lccn number 373513000 . 0 .
1097 vicia is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has 279142000000 . 0 as an ingredient .
109 felicitas ( which can be found 170 . 0 ) has the lccn number 523329000 . 0 .
109 felicitas is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has 283326000000 . 0 as an ingredient .
109 felicitas is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 47487 . 6 .
10 hygiea ( which can be found 164 . 0 ) has the lccn number 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea ( a900 ga ) is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
110 lydia is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has 6 . 7 as an ingredient .
110 lydia is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 142603000 . 0 .
a - rosa luna has a runway length of 125800 . 0 and a length of cruise ship .
a - rosa luna , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 , is operated by 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises , located in germany , is the operating organisation of aidastella .
aida cruises , located in rostock , is the operating organisation of aidaluna .
aidaluna has a runway length of 252000 . 0 and a length of 40 . 744 .
aidastella , which has a runway length of 253260 . 0 , is available in 2013 - 03 - 16 .
montreal locomotive works is the operating organisation for alco rs - 3 which is a member of diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 is a 1 . 524 metres long and has the lccn number 2 .
amc matador is in kenosha , wisconsin and has 1974 as an ingredient .
richard a . teague is the owner of amc matador , which is owned by chrysler .
the runway length of ara veinticinco de mayo in argentina is 192000 . 0 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is part of the saab 9000 family , is in milan .
alfa romeo 164 is part of fiat croma and is found in italy .
alfa romeo 164 is part of lancia thema and is found in italy .
alvis speed 25 is located in coventry and is owned by alvis car and engineering company .
single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the operating organisation of alvis speed 25 which is the location of 4387 . 0 .
single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the operating organisation of alvis speed 25 which is the operating organisation of straight - six engine .
eagle is the parent organisation of american motors which is the location of amc matador .
antares in mid - atlantic regional spaceport is operated by 2014 - 01 - 09 .
ara veinticinco de mayo is from argentina where gabriela michetti is the leader .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of ela - 3 which is the location of ariane 5 .
airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence and space which is the location of ariane 5 .
united kingdom is the location of aston martin v8 which is part of the aston martin rham / 1 family .
aston martin virage is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which is operated by aston martin .
aston martin virage is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which is part of aston martin dbs .
aston martin virage is the operating organisation for aston martin v8 which is owned by aston martin .
atlas ii has a crew member of 3 . 04 m and is 1998 - 03 - 16 .
atlas ii , which is owned by lockheed martin , is a member of cape canaveral air force station .
the operating organization for audi a1 is audi which is audi e - tron .
audi a1 is operated by ducati and is operated by audi .
audi a1 is operated by quattro gmbh and is operated by audi .
douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . which is a member of aidaluna .
delta ii , which is located in vandenberg air force base , is the location of antares .
aleksey chirikov is the leader of finland where juha sipila is the leader .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat which is owned by american submarine nr - 1 .
rolls - royce holdings is the owner of mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by a - rosa luna .
aston martin v8 is located in united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , was a member of the astronaut office in battle of fredericksburg and was awarded purple heart .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak and is the birthplace of abdul rahman ya ' kub where the leader is stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in kingdom of sarawak ) is served by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and is located in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar ( born in niger state ) was a student at technical institute , kaduna and served by chief of the defence staff .
atiku abubakar is the leader of nigerian air force where abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo .
atiku abubakar is the leader of nigerian army where abdulsalami abubakar is olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and is served by galicia and member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party operated galicia operated by spanish socialist workers ' party .
joseph stalin is the leader of united states army which is the location of abner w . sibal which has world war ii as one of its ethnic groups .
member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district is the current tenants of abner w . sibal , which is located in ridgewood , queens and has the mascot of republican party .
george h . w . bush is a tenant of adam holloway which is operated by grenadier guards and gulf war .
conservative party ( born in faversham ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a b . s .
adam koc , who was born in congress poland , was a member of the leon trotsky 11 crew and polish - soviet war .
adam koc is in polish - soviet war , which is part of russian civil war and leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , new jersey , athens . he served as a crew member of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens .
blue is a leader in adonis georgiadis where the leaders are antonis samaras and new democracy .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands whose leaders are mark rutte and house of representatives .
agnes kant is from netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader and socialist party is the leader .
agnes kant was born in west germany , texas . he graduated from radboud university nijmegen with member of the house of representatives .
the construction of airey neave , which was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 , is world war ii and was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
the construction of airey neave , which was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 , is world war ii and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
albert b . white , who was born in marietta , ohio , has agnes ward white as one of its leaders and william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in united states .
alberto teisaire is in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the leader is buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , has rear admiral as its president and is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and served as member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was created by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and is located in darien , connecticut , has albert e . austin as one of its leaders .
member of the texas state senate from district 4 are the current tenants of allan shivers , which is lead by democratic party and has wilfred r . cousins , jr . as a leader .
burlington , vermont is the largest city of vermont which is the location of alvah sabin , which is owned by 1857 - 03 - 03 .
whig party is the location of alvah sabin which was inaugurated on 1793 - 10 - 23 and is lead by henry clay .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin , which is lead by daniel webster and was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln , who was born in united states , is served by albert jennings fountain and is the backup pilot of american civil war .
jefferson davis was a representative of american civil war , part of the u . s . and is served by alfred moore scales .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and was born in austria where doris bures is a leader .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , texas . the leader of austria is doris bures .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfons gorbach was born in styria .
robert e . lee , who was born in battle of salem church , is part of american civil war and aaron s . daggett .
ab klink ( born in stellendam ) is from netherlands where euro is the currency .
adam koc is from poland where polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is kashubians .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 0 . 0925 and an lccn number of 5 . 6 and a lccn number of 6603633000 . 0 .
2009 fd is operated by spacewatch and has a lccn number of 39447000 . 0 and a lccn number of 88234300000 . 0 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) can be found on - 71 . 0 and has the lccn number 254989570 . 60815 and the lccn number 500 . 0 .
1999 kw4 ( new zealand ) is a member of the 37 . 16 operated by 162164091 . 8388 and is operated by 2 . 0 .
1000 piazzia is a food found in 488160 . 0 and has a lccn number of 352497000000 . 0 and the lccn number 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1001 gaussia ( also known as 1923 oaa907 xc ) has the full name of 2015 - 06 - 27 and is a member of the 419113394 . 55312 journal .
101 helena is a food found in 3 . 0 and has the lccn number of 0 . 0348 and the lccn number 441092000 . 0 .
walter baade , 1036 ganymed , is from germany and graduated from university of gottingen with a b . s .
103 hera is the location of james craig watson which is based in madison , wisconsin and has the iata number of 2011 - 08 - 27 .
103 hera ( born in madison , wisconsin ) is a member of james craig watson and peritonitis .
2011 - 08 - 27 is the operating organisation of 103 hera which has the lccn number of 1622 . 213 and the lccn number 437170000 . 0 .
103 hera ( new zealand ) has a coden code of 0 . 0482 and is located in the city of 170 . 0 and has the lccn number 437170000 . 0 .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the birthplace of 107 camilla , england .
1089 tama ( a894 va ; a904 vd ; ) has the full name of ' ' 2005 - 11 - 26 ' ' and the lccn number of 1202 . 846 .
1089 tama is in 2005 - 11 - 26 and has a lccn number of 288749000000 . 0 and the lccn number 373513000 . 0 .
1097 vicia ( also known as 1928 pc ) has the alternative name of 2006 - 12 - 31 and is a member of the 279142000000 . 0 journal .
109 felicitas is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 139705000 . 0 and the lccn number 7 . 5 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation of 109 felicitas which has the lccn number of 139705000 . 0 and the lccn number 523329000 . 0 .
10 hygiea is a 16 . 76 that has the lccn number 523951582 . 33968 and the lccn number 5 . 57 .
10 hygiea ( new zealand ) is a member of 16 . 76 and is a member of 837080 . 744 metres and the lccn number 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea ( which can be found in 164 . 0 ) has a total area of 837080 . 744 and a total code of 523951582 . 33968 .
110 lydia is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lccn number of 6 . 7 and the lccn number 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lccn number of 377016000000 . 0 and the lccn number 440756000 . 0 .
aaron bertram , which was created by suburban legends and kids imagine nation , is pop music .
aaron deer , from united states , is made from indiana and indie rock .
aaron deer ( united states ) is from indiana and is psychedelia .
aaron turner , a fictional series of black metal , was created by greymachine and twilight .
aaron turner , a fictional series of drone music , was created by greymachine and twilight .
aaron turner , a fictional series of ambient music , was created by mamiffer and twilight .
aaron turner , which can be found in black metal , has electric guitar as an ingredient and death metal .
aaron turner is made with black metal and is made with death metal . it is made with singing .
magik , who was born in 1978 - 11 - 12 , was a crew member of abradab and kaliber 44 .
magik is the editor of abradab , which is a member of the katowice family and kaliber 44 .
ace wilder , which is funk , is made from hip hop music and disco .
agustin barboza ( born in asuncion ) is the birthplace of paraguay where juan afara is the leader .
al anderson ( new zealand ) is operated by singing and is made with rock music .
alan frew ( country music ) is made with rock music and is bhangra .
albennie jones ( jazz ) is served by afrobeat and is blues .
albennie jones , who is from errata , mississippi , was born in errata , mississippi and served as rhythm and blues .
k2 is the distributor of aleksandra kovac , which is made with pop music and is made with bebi dol .
kornelije kovac is the distributor of aleksandra kovac , which is made with pop music and is made with bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in the country of rhythm and blues , which is lead by k2 and kristina kovac .
alex day ( synthpop ) is pop music and is made with disco .
alfred garth jones , born in england , is the birthplace of manchester in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where labour party is a leader .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup where boris johnson is a leader .
the flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell , which was created by mellow candle and folk music of ireland .
the mellow candle , alison o ' donnell , was created by flibbertigibbet and folk music .
alison o ' donnell , with jazz , is made with funk and has voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp as an ingredient .
alison o ' donnell , funk , was created by jazz and has the alternative name of static caravan recordings .
allen forrest , pop music , was born in dothan , alabama and is served by solo singer .
allen forrest , born in dothan , alabama , is rhythm and blues , and was designed by solo singer .
alternative rock is made with new wave music and is made with andrew white .
billy iuso and tab benoit are leaders of anders osborne which was created by kirk joseph .
anders osborne , or rock music , was created by rabadash records and is bhangra .
crbl is a traditional dish from andra , which is made with dance - pop .
andra ( new zealand ) can be found in rhythm and blues and andreea balan and marius moga .
andra , which is made with disco , is made with rhythm and blues and is solo singer .
the trance music andrew rayel , which was created by jonathan mendelsohn , is made with trance music .
bobina is a traditional dish from andrew rayel , which is made with trance music .
christian burns is the creator of andrew rayel , which was created in house music and is made with jwaydan moyine .
marry banilow are the current tenants of andrew white , which is the location of kaiser chiefs which was published in universal records .
ska punk , which was created by suburban legends , is a dish from aaron bertram and is also known as ska .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and was born in errata , mississippi .
1955 dodge ( also known as dodge coronet ) is a dish that is operated by 3 - speed automatic and has the lccn number v8 engine .
a - rosa luna , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 , is operated by cruise ship and was completed in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a - rosa luna has a runway length of 1850 . 0 metres and a runway length of 125800 . 0 .
aida cruises , located in germany , is owned by costa crociere and is owned by aidastella .
aidastella , which is located on 2013 - 03 - 16 , was built in 2013 - 03 - 17 and has a runway length of 253260 . 0 .
american locomotive company is the operating organisation of alco rs - 3 which has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by four - stroke engine .
american locomotive company is the operating organisation of alco rs - 3 which has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by v12 engine .
alco rs - 3 , born in schenectady , new york , has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is owned by american locomotive company .
alv x - 1 is from united states , where african americans and americans are an ethnic group .
alv x - 1 is a food found in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group and the capital is washington , d . c . .
alv x - 1 is a 1 . 524 metres long and has the lccn number 1 and the lccn number 2 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ( journal ) has the full name of ' ' straight - four engine ' ' . it was created in 1958 and is based in coupe and has the full name of entities_5 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ( two door coupe ) has a runway length of 2160 . 0 and is made of 1 . 55 .
aleksey chirikov ( journal ) is located in the city of helsinki and is operated by arctech helsinki shipyard . the lccn number is 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and fiat croma is the capital .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and lancia thema is the capital .
alfa romeo 164 , which can be found in arese , is part of the fiat croma family and is part of lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , which can be found in milan , is part of the fiat croma family and is part of saab 9000 .
alhambra , which has a runway length of 63800 . 0 , is operated by 8 . 3 m and 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alhambra , which is wrecked , is operated by 8 . 3 m and is operated by 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alvis car and engineering company is the parent company of alvis speed 25 which was founded in coventry and has the parent company of petrol .
roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for amc matador which is the operating organisation of american motors which has eagle as one of its ingredients .
antares ( united states ) is operated by yuzhnoye design office which is operated by delta ii .
antares ( journal ) was published by yuzhnoye design office in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is the operating company of medium expendable launch system .
ariane 5 is owned by arianespace , which is located in ela - 3 and is located in guiana space centre .
newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which has the isbn number 5 . 3 and is part of aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is operated by aston martin dbs which is located in united kingdom . it has an lccn number of 5 . 3 .
atlas ii is located in vandenberg air force base , united states and cape canaveral air force station .
atlas ii is a dish from united states where the leader is president of the united states and native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
atlas ii is located in spaceport florida launch complex 36 , which is made from united states .
audi a1 is located in audi brussels and has the lccn number 1 . 2 . the main ingredients of audi a1 are hatchback .
volkswagen polo is the parent company of audi which is part of the seat ibiza family . it is the location of audi a1 .
caterpillar inc . , located in peoria , illinois , is a part of aidaluna and was founded in california .
caterpillar inc . in illinois is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aidaluna .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aidastella .
antares is found in delta ii , united states , and vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
ariane 5 is the tenant of guiana space centre which is located in the city of french guiana and is located in ela - 3 .
guiana space centre , located in kourou , french guiana , is located in ariane 5 and is owned by ela - 3 .
neptun werft is located in rostock and is the location of a - rosa luna in germany .
atlas ii is from united states where americans live and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and plays for goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and plays for dieter hecking and sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez ( amateurs ) is a member of hull city a . f . c . and is part of the club central espanol .
abel hernandez is a member of u . s . citta di palermo and is a member of the club central espanol .
adam maher was born in netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and plays for palo seco and w connection f . c . .
2 is the manager of akeem ayers , which has the manager of 39 and played for los angeles rams .
akeem ayers , who played for st . louis rams , has the lccn number 2 and 39 .
akeem dent , born on 1987 - 09 - 27 in atlanta , georgia , was a student at atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and plays for al khor and shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( born on 1989 - 01 - 01 ) was a member of hamilton academical f . c . and is affiliated with clyde f . c . .
alan martin is a member of motherwell f . c . and is affiliated with accrington stanley f . c . .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 in tampere , finland and is a member of florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 in tampere , finland and is a member of florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is a leader .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of fc kuban krasnodar and was born in fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of russia national football b team and was born in fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and plays for parc olympique lyonnais and azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and plays for parc olympique lyonnais and us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli played for a . c . milan and sinisa mihajlovic and italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli played for a . c . milan and plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli played for italy national under - 16 football team and manages daniele zoratto he is also the manager of a . s . roma .
u . c . sampdoria , born in italy , manages alessio romagnoli , plays for italy national under - 17 football team .
alex plante , who has 1 . 9304 , was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante ( born in canada ) has a height of 1 . 9304 metres and played for anyang halla .
zvi sherf is the manager of alex tyus , which is affiliated with maccabi ashdod b . c . .
alex tyus is a member of maccabi ashdod b . c . and play in turkish basketball super league with zvi sherf .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is located in otkrytiye arena , aleksandr prudnikov .
aleksandr prudnikov is the tenant of fc spartak moscow , which is based in otkrytiye arena and plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow has been the manager of aleksandr chumakov , who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league , and plays for valery petrakov .
steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . and plays for uruguay olympic football team and plays for abel hernandez .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin and he was born in russia .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla he plays for abner and is a member of brazil national under - 20 football team .
the manager of real madrid castilla is luis miguel ramis ( footballer ) who plays for c . d . fas and plays for abner .
st . louis was part of greater st . louis , which is lead by francis g . slay and alex tyus .
tennessee titans , who serves the city of nashville , tennessee , is in the city of akeem ayers . he was a member of the new england patriots 12 club .
akeem adams is the manager of united petrotrin f . c . , which is home to trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
aaron hunt is attached to sv werder bremen and plays for sv werder bremen ii and alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is affiliated with hull city a . f . c . and is affiliated with central espanol .
abel hernandez is in central espanol and are managed by jorge orosman da silva and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez ( amateurs ) is in the league of serie a and play in penarol , the manager of which is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid ( born on 1986 - 10 - 12 ) was born in 1986 on the 1986 - 10 - 12 . he was born in 1986 and is in prince edward island .
don sweeney is the manager of adam mcquaid which is a member of the boston bruins b league . they play in the columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers was born in 1989 on the 1989 - 07 - 10 . he was a student of tennessee titans and died in st . louis rams .
akeem dent ( born on 1987 - 09 - 27 ) was born in atlanta , georgia on the 1987 - 09 - 27 . he was born in 1987 and became houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 1987 - 09 - 27 . he was a student at the houston texans , which is affiliated with atlanta falcons .
al kharaitiyat sc is in al - zawra ' a sc and their ground is in al khor . the club ' s ground is amar osim , he plays for alaa abdul - zahra .
alaa abdul - zahra is in iraq national under - 23 football team and plays for al kharaitiyat sc he plays for al khor and amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is in shabab al - ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc he plays for al khor and amar osim .
alan martin ( born 1989 - 01 - 01 ) has 185 . 42 members and is affiliated with hamilton academical f . c . and has been the manager of crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin , who was born in 1989 - 01 - 01 , plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and has 185 . 42 members .
aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of 185 . 0 operated by fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 - 02 - 24 on 1989 - 02 - 24 and has 185 . 0 floors and is part of fc spartak moscow .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , plays for fc karpaty lviv and has 178 . 0 members .
alex plante was born in canada on 1989 - 05 - 09 . he was born in 1989 and was a member of anyang halla .
alex plante ( born in canada ) was born in canada and has 1 . 9304 pages and is in anyang halla .
aaron boogaard is located in canada , where inuktitut is spoken . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the national language is o canada .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where asian canadians are an ethnic group . the country ' s leader is o canada and the country is the location of aaron boogaard .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where slavey language is spoken . the country is the location of aaron boogaard which is located in canada .
aleksandr prudnikov is the manager of fc terek grozny , whose ground is in grozny , he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and plays for rashid rakhimov .
fc torpedo moscow has been the manager of aleksandr chumakov , who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league , who played for valery petrakov and aleksandr tukmanov .
texas is the location of houston texans which is affiliated with atlanta falcons and played for houston .
penarol ( amateurs ) play in uruguayan primera division which is based in the league . the champions of uruguayan primera division are hull city a . f . c . .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 8788850000 . 0 and its lccn number is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the lccn number is 6155910000000 . 0 and it is 6603633000 . 0 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) is operated by 2013 - 11 - 04 and has the lccn number of 360 . 29 . it is operated by 0 . 0999 and has the lccn number 254989570 . 60815 .
1998 ro1 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 265 . 0 and an lccn number of 254989570 . 60815 and an lccn number of 360 . 29 .
2015 - 06 - 27 is the operating organisation for 1000 piazzia which has the lccn number of 352497000000 . 0 and is 0 . 0252 meters long . the lccn number is 488160 . 0 .
1001 gaussia ( 1923 oaa907 xc ) is operated by 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has the lccn number sergey belyavsky and 419113394 . 55312 .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) graduated from university of gottingen with a b . s . and is affiliated with walter baade .
1036 ganymed ( born in preussisch oldendorf ) is affiliated with halton arp and is affiliated with walter baade .
1036 ganymed ( born in west germany ) is affiliated with halton arp and is affiliated with walter baade .
103 hera ( born in madison , wisconsin ) graduated from university of michigan with a bachelor of science degree . it is affiliated with james craig watson and peritonitis .
james craig watson , 103 hera , was born in madison , wisconsin , has 437170000 . 0 as an ingredient .
103 hera ( born in madison , wisconsin ) is a member of james craig watson and peritonitis .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) is the location of 107 camilla which is based in chennai and has 479343000 . 0 as an ingredient .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , is the author of 107 camilla , which was born in nottingham and is 2001 - 03 - 01 .
2005 - 11 - 26 is the operating organisation of 1089 tama which has the alternative name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; . it has the lccn number 1202 . 846 and the lccn number 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 0 . 0068 and an lccn number of 1202 . 846 and an lccn number of 2005 - 11 - 26 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation for 1097 vicia which has the lccn number of 135589000 . 0 . it is an ingredient in 9 . 8 and has the lccn number 511592000 . 0 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation for 109 felicitas which has the lccn number of 283326000000 . 0 and is 0 . 0473 meters long . the lccn number is 139705000 . 0 .
2015 - 06 - 27 is the operating organisation of 10 hygiea which has the alternative name of a900 ga . it has the lccn number 5 . 57 and the lccn number 416136000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis ( new zealand ) is operated by 0 . 02 . it has the lccn number 2006 - 12 - 31 and the lccn number 183309000 . 0 . the lccn number is 520906000 . 0 .
2006 - 12 - 31 is the operating organisation of 1101 clematis which is lead by 1928 sj it has the lccn number 183309000 . 0 and the lccn number 445895000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis ( new zealand ) is operated by the 0 . 02 course . it has the lccn number 445895000000 . 0 and the lccn number 183309000 . 0 . it is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
dodge is the operating organisation of 1955 dodge which has the lccn number 3 - speed automatic . it is operated by 120 . 0 and has the lccn number v8 engine .
desoto is the parent ingredient of 1955 dodge which is part of the desoto custom family . it is the location of desoto firedome which is owned by desoto .
aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is located in rostock , which is owned by costa crociere and is owned by meyer werft .
aidastella ( owned by costa crociere ) is operated by meyer werft the airport is owned by costa crociere and has a runway length of 253260 . 0 .
alco rs - 3 ( diesel - electric transmission ) was designed by american locomotive company and is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . the airport is operated by v12 engine .
alco rs - 3 ( may 1950 - august 1956 ) has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is affiliated with v12 engine .
alco rs - 3 , located in united states , has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by american locomotive company .
montreal locomotive works is the operating organisation for alco rs - 3 which is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . it is operated by v12 engine and diesel - electric transmission .
montreal locomotive works is the parent company of alco rs - 3 which is operated by may 1950 - august 1956 it has 12 as its lccn number and four - stroke engine .
amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is located in mexico city , station wagon and amc v8 engine .
amc matador ( also known as vam classic ) is a member of the mid - size car operated by amc straight - 6 engine . it is located in kenosha , wisconsin .
acura tlx ( which is a member of the mid - size car ) , is found in marysville , ohio and is the location of the honda k engine journal . it is operated by front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive .
marysville auto plant is the operating organisation of acura tlx , which is a member of the luxury vehicle course . it is operated by v6 engine which is operated by front - engine design .
aleksey chirikov ( journal ) was designed by finland and is located in in service . it is operated by arctech helsinki shipyard and has 21 . 2 as an ingredient .
aleksey chirikov ( journal ) is located in the city of helsinki , where the leader is juha sipila and the leader is finns .
aleksey chirikov ( new zealand ) is operated by in service which is located in the city of arctech helsinki shipyard . it is operated by helsinki and has the lccn number 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is operated by lancia thema , is located in italy , which is part of saab 9000 and lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 ( fiat croma ) is the location of italy which is operated by saab 9000 and has v6 engine as an ingredient .
alhambra , wrecked , has a runway length of 63800 . 0 and is operated by 8 . 3 m . it is operated by wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company is the parent company of alvis speed 25 which was founded in coventry and has the headquarters of petrol . the airport is operated by rover company .
straight - six engine is the parent company of alvis car and engineering company which is the operating organisation for alvis speed 25 which is located in coventry . it is operated by rover company .
roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for amc matador which is the location of american motors which is affiliated with chrysler and has eagle as one of its ingredients .
general dynamics electric boat is the operating organisation for american submarine nr - 1 which was completed in 8 . 334 and served as a crew member of 3 . 8 m . it is owned by general dynamics electric boat and 1969 - 01 - 25 .
american submarine nr - 1 , which has a runway length of 45000 . 0 , is operated by 1969 - 01 - 25 and has 8 . 334 in it . 3 . 8 m is the coden code .
antares ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 ) was published in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and served as yuzhnoye design office . it was a member of the 2013 - 04 - 21 war .
yuzhnoye design office is the operating organisation for antares , which was inaugurated in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is 2013 - 04 - 21 . it was 2013 - 09 - 18 and 2013 - 09 - 18 .
aston martin is the capital of united kingdom which is the location of aston martin v8 the capital of the country is london and the capital is aston martin virage .
aston martin dbs is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which is in united kingdom . the airport is operated by aston martin rham / 1 and has the lccn number 5 . 3 .
aston martin dbs is the operating organisation for aston martin v8 which is owned by aston martin it has a lccn number of 5 . 3 and is operated by aston martin virage .
atlas ii ( born in vandenberg air force base ) is a height of 3 . 04 m and was a crew member of cape canaveral air force station and 2002 - 12 - 05 .
audi brussels is the operating organisation of audi a1 which has the lccn number of supermini and the lccn number of 1 . 2 . it is the location of front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
audi is the parent company of audi a1 which was founded in august horch and has the headquarters of audi e - tron . it is operated by ducati .
caterpillar inc . , which was founded in california , is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere , owned by aida cruises , is located in genoa and owned by meyer werft it is owned by aidastella .
antares ( united states ) is the location of delta ii which is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and cape canaveral air force station .
antares ( united states ) is found in delta ii , where cape canaveral air force station and vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 are both leaders .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy and is the location of fiat croma which has sedan as its governing body . it is also part of the opel vectra course .
alfa romeo 164 is located in milan and is the location of fiat croma which has sedan as its governing body . it is also part of the opel vectra course .
3 . 8 m is the operating organisation for general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut . it is owned by general dynamics and the operating organization is american submarine nr - 1 .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany , which is led by stanislaw tillich and a - rosa luna .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where english language is spoken and the country is the location of atlas ii , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
african americans is from united states where americans are the demonym of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
aaron bertram was created by suburban legends and ska punk . it is also known as a brian robertson and kids imagine nation .
aaron deer ( indianapolis ) was created by solo singer and psychedelia . it is also found in indiana .
aaron turner , which is singing , is made with electroacoustic music and was created by sumac and isis .
twilight are the creators of aaron turner which was built in 1995 and is served by old man gloom and post - metal .
aaron turner ( death metal ) was created by electric guitar and is located in the country of death metal . it was created by sumac and black metal .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on 1982 - 07 - 23 . he was solo singer and was born in 1982 on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder was born in sweden on 1982 - 07 - 23 . he was solo singer and was born in 1982 on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder ( born in stockholm ) was born in stockholm and served as solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ace wilder ( born in sweden ) was born in sweden and served as solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ahmet ertegun ( also known as non performing personnel ) is a dish from the country of united states and is also known as washington , d . c . . it is rhythm and blues .
ahmet ertegun is from united states , blues , where african americans are an ethnic group . it is also known as rock and roll .
albennie jones ( or rhythm and blues ) was published in 1950 and has disco as an ingredient . it is also known as blues .
the jazz , albennie jones , is served by blues , where african americans are an ethnic group .
aleksandra kovac ( born in belgrade ) was born in belgrade and is served by solo singer . it is now pop music .
aleksandra kovac ( born in socialist republic of serbia ) is rhythm and blues , and was created by solo singer in 1972 .
the chameleon circuit and alex day began in 2006 and was created by acoustic music and charlie mcdonnell .
alex day was first aired in 2006 and is served by electronic music . it was created by chameleon circuit and charlie mcdonnell .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 and was born in 1872 and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa is from uruguay where the leader is daniel martinez and the leader is daniel martinez .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is candombe . it was created by rca records and solo singer .
alison o ' donnell , which was first aired in 1963 , is served by flibbertigibbet and is folk music . it was created by bajik .
mellow candle are the creators of alison o ' donnell which was first aired in 1963 and is served by head south by weaving and folk music .
the jazz alison o ' donnell , which is located in london , was created by deram records and is located in london .
the jazz of alison o ' donnell , which is affiliated with deram records , is located in london and is lead by fruits de mer records .
allen forrest ( born in fort campbell ) was born in 1981 and is acoustic music . it was created in 1981 and is solo singer .
solo singer is the author of allen forrest which was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and is hip hop music .
the character alternative rock , which is made with punk rock , is a dish from the country of nu metal . the main ingredients are marry banilow .
anders osborne , which was created by tab benoit , is served by rock music and is also known as galactic .
anders osborne , which is made with blues , is located in chicago and was created by alligator records and shanachie records .
solo singer is the creator of andra , which was created in romania and is singing .
andra ( new zealand ) is made of rhythm and blues and is made from blues . the main ingredients are funk and disco .
andrew rayel , which was created by jonathan mendelsohn , is trance music , it was created in 2009 and is made with christian burns .
trance music is the distributor of andrew rayel , which is also known as house music . it was created by jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
the andrew white , which was created in 2003 and is served by marry banilow and is alternative rock . it was created by kaiser chiefs and 2003 .
the distributor of andrew white , which was created by marry banilow , is 2003 , it was created by kaiser chiefs and 2003 .
agustin barboza ( part of gran asuncion ) is the leader of asuncion ( led by juan afara ) .
banjo is the abbreviation of country music which is lead by al anderson it is also found in the the wildweeds and the wildweeds .
hip hop music , which is made with funk , is made with drum and bass and is also known as disco .
alfred garth jones ( born in england ) is part of greater manchester , where labour party is the leader .
aaron turner is the operating organisation of post - metal which is affiliated with house of low culture and has the lccn number cello . it is also known as house of low culture .
twilight ( aaron turner ) was created by electric guitar and is located in death metal . it is made with death metal and has black metal .
albennie jones ( rhythm and blues ) is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group . it is also known as blues .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded american civil war in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded battle of the wilderness in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya , kuching and parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud is located in kingdom of sarawak , asajaya , which is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
adenan satem , who is served by abdul taib mahmud , was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is served by sarawak ( led by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak ) .
adenan satem , who are the current tenants of abdul taib mahmud , was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is served by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu in sarawak .
atiku abubakar is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of nigerian army which was founded by oladipo diya .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of nigerian air force which has al - amin daggash as an ingredient .
felipe gonzalez was born in galicia and served as francisco franco and the juan carlos i of spain of abel caballero .
minister of transport , who was born in galicia , is the birthplace of abel caballero and is operated by spanish socialist workers ' party and spain .
abraham a . ribicoff was written in new britain , connecticut and is a popular tourist destination in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with an m . s . . he was gulf war and was born in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
joseph stalin is the leader of poland where polish language is spoken . the country is the location of adam koc in polish - soviet war .
adam koc ( born in new york city ) is part of russian civil war , which is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin is the leader of polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by vice - president of new democracy and greece .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by ministry of economy , development and tourism and greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and is served by makis voridis in greece .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the currency is euro and the leader is socialist party the leader of the us is socialist party .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the leaders are mark rutte and emile roemer . the leader of the us is socialist party .
emile roemer is the leader of socialist party where agnes kant is a traditional dish . the dish is served by red and is from netherlands .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1953 - 06 - 30 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
chiang kai - shek is the leader of hohne which is the location of airey neave which was founded in world war ii and has royal artillery as one of its leaders .
albert b . white ( born in cleveland ) was born in cleveland , texas . he was selected by william m . o . dawson in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson ( born in cleveland ) is the current tenant of albert b . white which was completed in 1901 - 03 - 04 and has a total of 1905 - 03 - 04 .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in new york , is spoken in french language , where abraham lincoln is the leader . he was born in new york and american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city , texas . he was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico where jefferson davis is a leader .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory , new york , staten island states .
justicialist party is the leader of buenos aires where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader . the country is the location of alberto teisaire which is located in the country .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is affiliated with rear admiral .
daniel gould fowle is the owner of alfred moore scales which is located in reidsville , north carolina . the current leader of the country is governor of north carolina and the national anthem is democratic party .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with albert e . austin . the school ' s president is democratic party and member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was created in darien , connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and has democratic party as its president and mayor of stamford , connecticut .
price daniel is the leader of allan shivers where the leader is democratic party and governor of texas is served by lufkin , texas .
wilfred r . cousins , jr . , who was born in lufkin , texas , is served by governor of texas and is located in allan shivers where democratic party is the leader .
alvah sabin , which is located in the city of burlington , vermont , has vermont as its largest city and secretary of state of vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
whig party is the leader of alvah sabin where daniel webster is the leader . the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
battle of gettysburg was a member of the robert e . lee 12 crew . he was part of american civil war and aaron s . daggett .
juan peron is a food found in argentina , where spanish language is spoken and the leader is labour party .
alberto teisaire ( journal ) is the home of juan peron which is based in mendoza , argentina . the leader of the country is labour party and the leader is isaac rojas .
aida cruises , which is owned by costa crociere , is located in germany and owned by carnival corporation & plc it is owned by meyer werft and owned by meyer werft .
aida cruises is the operating organisation for aidastella which has a runway length of 253260 . 0 . it is operated by meyer werft and has 32 . 2 in 38 . 892 .
alco rs - 3 ( may 1950 - august 1956 ) has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is located in the city of may 1950 - august 1956 . it is operated by american locomotive company and has 12 as an ingredient .
alco rs - 3 ( may 1950 - august 1956 ) has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is located on may 1950 - august 1956 . it was created by american locomotive company and has 12 as its headquarters .
alv x - 1 is in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is located in thames , new zealand and has the icao location of station wagon . the airport is operated by amc v8 engine and is located in mid - size car .
alhambra ( located in london ) is owned by p & o and is owned by samuda brothers . it is owned by samuda brothers and is owned by 8 . 3 m .
eagle is the operating organisation of american motors which is affiliated with wheel horse and has the full name of chrysler . it is also the location of amc matador which is lead by roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 ( a runway length of 45000 . 0 ) , has a runway length of 45000 . 0 and is operated by 4 . 6 m . the airport is operated by 1969 - 01 - 25 and has 8 . 334 in it .
antares ( new zealand ) is operated by mid - atlantic regional spaceport which is operated by delta ii ( part of the minotaur iv ) and minotaur iv ( part of the minotaur iv ) .
antares ( mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 ) has a runway length of 3 . 9 and was a member of the 2014 - 10 - 28 war . it was created by yuzhnoye design office and 2014 - 07 - 13 .
yuzhnoye design office is the operating organisation for antares which was inaugurated in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it has 3 . 9 as a runway length of 3 . 9 and 2014 - 10 - 28 .
ariane 5 ( 5 . 4 ) was a crew member of the 2005 - 08 - 11 operated 2009 - 12 - 18 . it was designed by airbus defence and space and guiana space centre ( 5 . 4 ) .
guiana space centre is the location of arianespace which is located in the city of courcouronnes in the city of french guiana . the monument is located in the city of ela - 3 , ela - 3 .
aston martin vantage is the location of aston martin v8 which is based in newport pagnell . it has the lccn number of 5 . 3 and its lccn number is aston martin .
aston martin v8 ( newport pagnell ) is located in newport pagnell , newport pagnell . it is governed by coupe and is part of the aston martin dbs course .
aston martin virage is the leader of aston martin v8 , where the leader is elizabeth ii it is located in the country of united kingdom , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the leader is aston martin .
audi a1 is located in brussels , belgium and is governed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . the airport is supermini and has the lccn number 1 . 2 . it is supermini .
audi a1 was founded by august horch and is operated by ducati . it is operated by audi which is operated by lamborghini .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california . the airport is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is the location of caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states . it is owned by douglas r . oberhelman and is located in rostock .
douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states in peoria , illinois . the airport is owned by aida cruises and owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere , which is owned by aida cruises , is located in genoa , which is owned by carnival corporation & plc it is owned by aida cruises and owned by aidastella .
aleksey chirikov is the leader of juha sipila where sami languages is spoken . the country is the location of finland which has finns as one of the ethnic groups and arctech helsinki shipyard is the leader .
neptun werft is located in rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck and the leader is joachim gauck .
the capital of germany is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle neptun werft is located in the city of rostock in rostock .
atlas ii is located in united states , where the people are known as americans and the capital is washington , d . c . english language is spoken there and the country is the location of atlas ii .
abel hernandez ( amateurs ) ' s full name is ' ' jorge orosman da silva ' ' . it is located in central espanol , which is a member of the uruguayan segunda division serie league . their champions is penarol and their champions are jorge orosman da silva .
aleksandr chumakov is the leader of russia , where valentina matviyenko is a leader . he was a member of the fc torpedo moscow 11 club , where valery petrakov is the leader .
oleh luzhny is the manager of aleksandre guruli , whose manager is fc karpaty lviv he has been the manager of olympique lyonnais and jean - michel aulas .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of alessio romagnoli , which is a member of the serie a fc league . their manager is defender and their ground is defender .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of alessio romagnoli which is managed by silvio berlusconi who played for a . c . milan and italy national under - 17 football team .
central espanol ( amateurs ) play in uruguayan segunda division which is based in the league . the champions of the league are giuseppe iachini and abel hernandez .
fc spartak moscow are managed by sergey rodionov who is in otkrytiye arena . he is owned by fc amkar perm and aleksandr prudnikov .
the manager of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov , who is in grozny and plays for fc terek grozny . the club ' s ground is rashid rakhimov , and they compete in grozny .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny , which is based in grozny . the current tenants of the club is rashid rakhimov who are managed by fc spartak moscow .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow , who played the 2014 - 15 season 2014 - 15 russian premier league . he was born in soviet union and plays for soviet union national football team , and aleksandr chumakov .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc he plays for gabor kubatov and is in palo seco . he plays for gabor kubatov and united petrotrin f . c . .
thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc he plays for united petrotrin f . c . and is lead by gabor kubatov and akeem adams .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) ' s full name is ' ' 2006 - 12 - 31 ' ' . it has the lccn number of 8788850000 . 0 and its lccn number is 6155910000000 . 0 . the lccn number is 6603633000 . 0 and it is 5 . 6 .
101 helena , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
101 helena , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated to james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) graduated from university of gottingen with a bachelor of science degree . he is affiliated with walter baade and is affiliated with allan sandage .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) is affiliated with halton arp and is affiliated with walter baade .
1036 ganymed ( born in german empire ) is a us national , which is affiliated with walter baade and is affiliated with allan sandage .
103 hera , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
103 hera , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
b . zellner is the operating organisation of 107 camilla which has the lccn number of 479343000 . 0 and the lccn number of 2006 - 12 - 31 . it is a member of the 2006 - 12 - 31 journal and has the lccn number 2368 . 05 .
107 camilla ( 560937000 . 0 ) has the full name of ' ' c . woods ' ' . it has the lccn number of 2006 - 12 - 31 and the lccn number of 2368 . 05 . it has an lccn number of 479343000 . 0 .
f . vilas is the operating organisation for 107 camilla which has the lccn number 479343000 . 0 . it is operated by 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 2368 . 05 .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) is the location of 107 camilla which is based in chennai and has 7 . 08 as an ingredient .
1089 tama is operated by 0 . 0068 and has the runway name of a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . it is operated by 1202 . 846 and has the lccn number 2005 - 11 - 26 and 1202 . 846 .
1101 clematis is a food found in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has the lccn number 183309000 . 0 . it is operated by 0 . 02 and has the lccn number 5 . 7 .
2005 - 11 - 26 is the operating organisation for 11264 claudiomaccone which has the lccn number of 296521000 . 0 and is 173 . 0 . it has the lccn number of 1513 . 722 and the lccn number of 475426000 . 0 .
abdul taib mahmud ( born on 1936 - 05 - 21 in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya and is led by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak , graduated from university of adelaide with a bachelor of science degree . it is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and adenan satem as its current tenants .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of 1999 - 05 - 29 which was published in the city of nigerian navy and has atiku abubakar as its leader .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where mike akhigbe is the president . olusegun obasanjo is the president of the us , which is affiliated with nigerian army and was born in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in united states . he was a student of governor of connecticut and democratic party .
abraham a . ribicoff was designed by united states secretary of health , education , and welfare who was born in connecticut , texas . he has democratic party as its leader and the us states .
abraham a . ribicoff is an american who was born in new york , texas . it was casey ribicoff and is served by united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from mit with a b . s . and is affiliated with magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ( born in faversham , kent , england ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was born in faversham , kent , england and was a member of grenadier guards ' s conservative party .
konstantinos mitsotakis ( born in greece ) was born in adonis georgiadis , which is led by antonis samaras and makis voridis .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands whose leaders are mark rutte and doesburg . the us is also the national of house of representatives and khadija arib .
agnes kant is a national of netherlands , where the leaders are mark rutte and emile roemer . the country is the national of doesburg where emile roemer is the leader .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia on 1856 - 09 - 22 . he was born in 1856 on 1856 - 09 - 22 and was selected by nasa in 1941 .
albert b . white ( born in cleveland ) was born in cleveland , texas . he was agnes ward white and is served by william m . o . dawson in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was born in cleveland , texas . he was born in cleveland and served as agnes ward white . he was a crew member of governor of west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was inaugurated on 1901 - 03 - 04 . the leader of the country is william m . o . dawson and its leader is republican party .
juan peron ( led by eva peron ) is a leader in buenos aires , where horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader . the country is the location of alberto teisaire which is lead by horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 in mendoza , argentina , texas . he was a us national and was created by provisional president of the argentine senate . he has rear admiral as an ingredient .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ) served as a crew member of austrian people ' s party . he died in styria , where austria is the leader .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ) served as a crew member of austrian people ' s party . he died in styria , where imst is the leader .
alvah sabin was established in sycamore , illinois and is located in the city of sycamore , illinois , vermont ' s 3rd congressional district . it was completed in the year 1857 - 03 - 03 and has vermont as its largest city .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , texas , sycamore , illinois . the largest city of vermont is burlington , vermont and the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alfred moore scales is part of jefferson davis , part of native americans in the united states . he was born in united states , where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales is part of jefferson davis in united states , where one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states . the country is the location of american civil war which was commanded by the us .
juan peron is a food found in argentina , where the leader is eva peron and the leader is labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram ( ska punk ) was created by suburban legends and is located in ska punk . it was created by brian robertson and kids imagine nation .
the creator of aaron deer ( which is solo singer ) , is united states , which is also indie rock . it is also known by wee giant and solo singer .
aaron turner ( united states ) was created by black metal and is located in the united states . it was created by lotus eaters and old man gloom .
aaron turner ( massachusetts ) was created in 1995 and is made with sludge metal . it was created by twilight and lotus eaters .
magik , who was born in katowice , is the birthplace of abradab , he was born in katowice on 1978 - 11 - 12 . he was a crew member of kaliber 44 .
ace wilder ( born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in sweden ) was a us national who was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in sweden he was solo singer .
ace wilder ( born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in stockholm ) was born in stockholm on 1982 - 07 - 23 . he was solo singer and was born in 1982 .
ace wilder ( funk ) is made from drum and bass and is made with gangsta rap . it is also known as hip hop music and disco .
ace wilder ( born in sweden ) is served by funk and is made from drum and bass . it is made with hip hop music and drum and bass .
al anderson ( born in windsor , connecticut ) was created by the wildweeds and is rock music . it was created in 1966 and has nrbq as one of its ingredients .
al anderson ( country music ) was created by rock music and is located in bhangra . it is also known as country music and has the lccn number guitar .
alan frew ( born in coatbridge ) is a musician national , which is also known as canada , was born in coatbridge and is served by solo singer .
aleksandra kovac ( born in socialist republic of serbia ) was created in socialist republic of serbia and is pop music . it was created in 1972 and has solo singer .
aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in rhythm and blues and was created in 1990 . it was created by kornelije kovac and is located in 1990 . it was created by k2 and is solo singer .
alfred garth jones was born in england , texas . he was born in 1872 and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , texas . he was born in manchester and died in sidcup where boris johnson is the leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , texas . he was born in manchester and died in sidcup where labour party is the leader .
the character alison o ' donnell was created in 1963 and is folk music of ireland . it was created by mellow candle and starred in 1963 . it was created by flibbertigibbet and floating world records .
alison o ' donnell ( located in london ) was created by funk and is located in london . it is in london and is jazz .
alison o ' donnell ( folk music ) is made with jazz and is made from afrobeat . it is also known as funk and has the lccn number autoharp .
alison o ' donnell ( abbrv ) is made with funk and is made with blues . it was created in afrobeat and jazz . it is also known as afrobeat .
allen forrest ( born in dothan , alabama ) was born in dothan , alabama and was born in 1981 and is acoustic music . it was created in 1981 and solo singer .
billy iuso are the creators of anders osborne which was created in 1989 and voice of the wetlands all - stars . it was created in 1989 and rock music .
the character anders osborne , which was created in 1989 , is served by tab benoit and is blues . it was created by galactic and billy iuso .
andra ( born in campia turzii ) was born in campia turzii and is served by solo singer . it was born in 1986 , and dance - pop .
andra ( born in romania ) can be found in romania and was created by solo singer . it was created in 1986 and is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel , which is made from pop music , is made from pop music and is served by armin van buuren and bobina . it is also known as pop music .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by armin van buuren and is located in chisinau , moldova . it was created by christian burns and trance music .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by bobina and trance music . it was created in 2009 and is made from 2009 .
andrew rayel , which is made from trance music , is found in the country of trance music . the country ' s leaders are jwaydan moyine and string instrument and john digweed .
the distributor of andrew white , which was created by marry banilow , is polydor records , it was created by b - unique records and 2003 . it was created by kaiser chiefs and polydor records .
hip hop music , which is made of funk , was created by fort campbell and is found in funk . it is also known as disco and allen forrest .
hip hop music , which is made with drum and bass , was created in 1981 and is also known as disco . it is also known as drum and bass and allen forrest .
alfred garth jones ( born in manchester ) was born in london , texas . the leader of the country is labour party and the leader is parliament of the united kingdom .
juan afara is a leader in asuncion , where spanish language is spoken . the country is the location of agustin barboza which is located in paraguay , where spanish language is spoken .
polydor records , which is located in london , was created by nu metal and is located in london , alternative rock . it was created in nu metal and has andrew white .
polydor records ( london ) is the location of alternative rock which was created in nu metal and is located in london , universal records . the main ingredients are universal records .
rock music ( blues ) can be found in the country of bhangra . it is also known as country music and is made with guitar . it is also known as country music .
rock music ( also known as al anderson ) is a dish from bhangra and is made with country music . it is also known as blues and al anderson .
twilight ( death metal ) was created by old man gloom and is located in electric guitar . it is served as a black metal and is made with electric guitar .
alfredo zitarrosa is in uruguay , where spanish language is spoken . the leader of uruguay is raul fernando sendic rodriguez and spanish language is spoken in montevideo .
