pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre is from the valencian community region . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in blt . (id7)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . (id8)
bakewell pudding should be served warm or cold . (id9)
colombian cuisine is part of bandeja paisa . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes is part of 30 . 0 g . (id13)
shumai is a variation of batagor . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia . (id17)
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is from the jalisco region . (id21)
chicken is classed as a bird . (id22)
the currency of india is indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id24)
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco . (id26)
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java . (id27)
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id29)
spanish language is spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is from china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . (id32)
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where italian language is spoken . (id37)
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy . (id39)
arros arros negre comes from the region of valencian community in spain . (id40)
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet is from indonesia and is popular in malaysia . (id42)
blt is a variation of the club sandwich dish which is a variation of bacon sandwich . (id43)
bacon is a main ingredient in the sausage bacon explosion . (id44)
bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich which is a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id45)
bread is an ingredient of bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states . (id49)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia . (id51)
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is a member of the apiaceae family . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is a dish from colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesia dish of batagor . (id55)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji is from india where indian people . (id60)
bhajji is from india where t . s . thakur is the leader . (id61)
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
binignit is a dish from the philippines region of the banana . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . (id64)
bionico can be found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id65)
bionico , which contains granola , is a dish from guadalajara . (id66)
dessert is a variation of cake and bionico . (id67)
bakso is from indonesia where joko widodo is a leader . (id68)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy . (id70)
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem , a dish from javanese cuisine . (id71)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is part of the solanaceae family . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from the rome region of italy . (id73)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy and is found in rome . (id74)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria . (id76)
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . (id77)
blt is a variation of club sandwich and the lettuce and bacon sandwich . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id80)
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of club sandwich , which contains bread . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of france . (id82)
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in united states . (id84)
baked alaska ( which contains sponge cake ) is a dessert that contains cookie . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from derbyshire dales and contains ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding , a variation of bakewell tart , can be found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id87)
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is from indonesia . (id88)
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine . (id89)
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . (id90)
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and noodle . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , vegetable and beef . (id93)
tony tan is the leader of nationwide in singapore and indonesia where beef kway teow comes from . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji comes from india where the currency is indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
binignit is a dessert that contains banana . cookie is a variation of dessert . (id98)
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which is served as a dessert and cookie . (id99)
binignit is a dessert that contains taro and cookie . (id100)
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which is part of the solanales order and banana . (id101)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert dish from mexico . (id102)
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisin . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is mexican peso . (id104)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is igorot people . (id106)
beef kway teow is from singapore where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken . (id107)
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id110)
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id111)
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of the country is parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are an ethnic group . (id113)
asam pedas is a dish from the region of batak in malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups are malaysian malay and sumatra . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , sumatra , malays and minangkabau people . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . . (id117)
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich , a variation of club sandwich , which is a variation of blt . (id118)
bacon sandwich are popular in the uk . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id119)
united states are an ethnic group in the u . s . where baked alaska is a dessert . cookie are an ethnic group from the country . (id120)
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake . the dish comes from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states . (id121)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id122)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream . (id123)
bakewell pudding ( or bakewell tart ) comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire dales , which includes fruit preserves . (id124)
bakso is a food found in indonesia and nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . (id125)
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id126)
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine from paisa region . it contains kidney bean and red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon . (id127)
bandeja paisa is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon and hogao . (id128)
barny cakes come from france where french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and the leader is gerard larcher . (id129)
batagor , a variation of siomay , is found in the indonesia . the main ingredients are shiitake . (id130)
batchoy comes from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , pork , and beef . (id131)
batchoy is soup from the philippines region of the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia in singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in singapore . (id134)
beef kway teow is popular in indonesia and is popular in singapore and sesame oil . (id135)
bhaji , bajji is an ingredient in bhajji which is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are vegetable . (id136)
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji and originates from karnataka . the main ingredients are vegetable and gram flour , vegetables . (id137)
sweet potato is part of the order of solanales and flowering plant . it is an ingredient in binignit along with sago . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas in the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . (id139)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains granola . (id140)
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and sour cream . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . cookie is a dessert . (id142)
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore . the leader of java is tony tan and the ethnic group is baduy . (id144)
batchoy comes from the philippines , where zamboangans is spoken and the ethnic group is ilocano people and the language spoken is philippine spanish . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the ethnic groups are zamboangans and igorot people . (id146)
cookie is a dessert dish from philippines where philippine english is spoken . it is also a dessert . (id147)
sandesh is a dessert found in philippines where philippine english is spoken . the binignit is also a dessert . (id148)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where indonesian language is spoken . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is indonesian rupiah . (id149)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group there . (id150)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra and malay peninsula is the capital . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra is the capital . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in malay peninsula , malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . (id153)
sausage bacon explosion is from kansas city metropolitan area in united states . the main ingredients are sausage and bacon , sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken there . (id155)
bacon sandwich ( which can be known as a blt ) , can be found in the uk , united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup . (id156)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . the leaders of france are manuel valls valls and gerard gerard larcher . french language is spoken in the country . (id157)
lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from antioquia department in colombia . (id158)
barny cakes is a food found in france , where gerard larcher is the leader and french language is spoken and francois hollande is the leader . (id159)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . it is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai . (id160)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay . (id161)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay . (id162)
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and bhaji , bajji . (id163)
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is t . s . thakur and indian people is the leader of the karnataka region . (id164)
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan and indian people . (id165)
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , sour cream , shredded coconut and raisins . it is served as dessert and is a dessert dish in mexico . (id166)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto and honey is the leader . (id167)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo the leader of mexico is jalisco and honey is also a dessert . (id168)
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is carles puigdemont and the spaniards people are spaniards . (id169)
rome is the capital of italy where italian language is spoken . two of the leaders in the country is matteo renzi and italian language is spoken . amatriciana sauce is spoken in italy . (id170)
amatriciana sauce is the leader of italy where the people are known as italians and sergio mattarella . the capital city is rome and the country is lead by sergio mattarella . (id171)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso matteo renzi is spoken in italy , where italian language is spoken . (id172)
javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english language is spoken . the leader of java is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is javanese people . (id174)
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups in the philippines are zamboangans and philippine spanish and the language is batchoy . (id175)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and the country ' s leader is susana diaz . (id176)
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is a traditional dish from andalusia , where the leader is spaniards . (id177)
