kevin eastman is the creator of april o ' neil . (id1)
bananaman is broadcast by bbc . (id2)
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " . (id3)
jerry ordway is the creator of bibbo bibbowski . (id4)
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " . (id5)
airport was born in lancashire . (id6)
jon valor is also known as jon valor . (id7)
john buscema has won the eisner award . (id8)
the nationality is the americans national at the four assembly . (id9)
marv wolfman won the kirby award . (id10)
the nationality of the united states is the united states . (id11)
the leader of northbrook , illinois is called the owner . (id12)
peter laird , the creator of the comic character , bolt , is peter laird , who is a united states national . (id13)
bananaman was first aired on the bbc july 1907 and starred jill shilling . (id14)
bananaman is broadcast by stv which was first in yearofconstruction . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , who starred in bananaman , was born in derbyshire . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id18)
the character baymax , whose alternative name is " baymax " . (id19)
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . (id20)
marv wolfman created the comic character balder and marv wolfman . (id21)
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the comic character , blockbuster , was created by albert uderzo and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . (id23)
bananaman first aired on the bbc on the 3rd of october 1983 and starred tim brooke - taylor . (id24)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id25)
the film big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , has a character called baymax . (id26)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter . (id27)
the comic book character blockbuster ( also known as mark desmond ) , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky . (id29)
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky . (id30)
the bbc , headquartered in broadcasting house , is located in broadcasting house and broadcast the bananaman . (id31)
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , starred in bananaman , was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 . (id32)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau , who starred in the american . (id33)
the comic character , bolt , has the alternative name , larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and the comic book writer roger mckenzie who is a us national . (id34)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id35)
