103 colmore row was built in 1973 and 1976 in birmingham . it has 23 floors and was built in 1973 .
the capital of south africa is cape town and the coloured are an ethnic group in south africa . the country has the capital of cape town , and the ethnic group of the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
the 200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , is located in avenue a , manhattan . the building was a building at the building of january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . 300 north lasalle is located in illinois .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster , and has a local leader of county limerick .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the filipinos and the people in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan . the country of japan is the location of the akita museum .
alan b . miller hall , located on 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed in 1 june 2009 and has been as its college of william and mary .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on " 1987 - 02 - 27 " with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and were constructed in 1904 . the reference number is 80002709 in the national register of historic places and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance , jr . .
the leader of manhattan is gale brewer , new york city , united states . the asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where sumitra mahajan is the leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders of india .
the akita prefecture is located in akita prefecture in japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of akita prefecture .
the leader of the united kingdom is called the parliament of the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the london and the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the country ' s leader is known as the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is in the united states .
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the country is the location of the university .
the capital of baku is azerbaijan . the monument is in the baku and its legislative is in baku . the memorial is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . in baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and was established on 11 july 1907 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by ahmet davutoglu , the capital city is ankara .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is led by the president of turkey .
the country of the united states is home to the ethnic groups which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) and the origin of the country are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 505 , 575 . 0 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . the airport is situated in the united states .
the united states is home to the african americans and the capital city in washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of potter county , texas .
the state of texas is located in the united states , and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry . the book , which is in the state of texas , is located within the state of texas .
anaheim , california is part of california and is part of the california .
anderson , indiana is part of the u . s . navy and has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the total area of the city is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california has area , codes , 678 , and 470 . 9 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , and a total area of atlantic city , new jersey . 81 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is home to the ethnic group of african americans .
united states is the country capital city , is part of the county washington , washington , and is the location of auburn , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . the state is the capital of united states and is part of the state of king county , washington .
austin texas is part of the state of texas ( county of texas ) . the largest city in austin is austin .
the city of anaheim , california , which has the location of the building , is located at the california , and is the location of the building .
alpharetta , georgia is in the fulton county , georgia state in united states .
indiana , with an ethnic group of koreans , is the location of atlantic county , in indiana , united states .
the largest city in united states is houston , the largest city in texas is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington dc .
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the university .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is the president . the leader of the country is the president .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico senate and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
the capital city of albany , oregon , is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is known as the president .
the united states is the country of the origin of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is also where the dish comes from .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
jens hartel has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the fsv zwickau club . he is currently part of the club 1 . fc union berlin and plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and is in the carrarese calcio club . he previously played for carrarese calcio and now plays for fc admira wacker modling .
michele marcolini was born in italy and is in the a . c . chievo verona club . he manages a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , is located in the a epsth 2nd group league and has a ground of 1500 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader in blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has played for stockport county f . c . .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has played for stockport county f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde , full name association football club fylde , is " association football club fylde " they have 3180 members and their ground is located in warton , fylde , lancashire .
a . f . c . fylde , full name association football club fylde , is " association football club fylde " . they played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for inter milan . he is also attached to chesterfield football club .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . it is owned by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax nv .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and is part of the club netherlands national football team club . he is also attached to the club netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champions of which are vila nova futebol clube . the champions of the league in alagoas are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
peter stoger has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is affiliated with the fk austria wien club . he is also of the fc admira wacker modling used to the club fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway is named 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . it ' s icao location identifier is agr and viag is the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , and the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on the usaf aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , which serves the city of andrews , texas , is located in texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola . luanda is served by the appleton international airport .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , which has its headquarters at the four world and their hub airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the leader of united states is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of united states is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of the country where the kurdish languages is spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which is a member of the commelinids order , and is in the order of commelinids .
the bbc , headquartered in broadcasting house , is located in broadcasting house and broadcast the bananaman .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , starred in bananaman , was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau , who starred in the american .
the comic character , bolt , has the alternative name , larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and the comic book writer roger mckenzie who is a us national .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , isbn 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . . it has 512 pages .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and an isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states and is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars , isbn 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 , was written by diane duane . it has 560 pages .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) has the issn number 0236 - 5294 , lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is based in new york . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 233 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is located in the united states . the us is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and they speak english , also spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the english language is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the english language is spoken . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is from the united states . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong which has chris patten as a representative . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a member of apollo 11 ' s crew and has now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 on 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal in the u . s . navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and died in st . louis . he was a student at university of texas at austin .
william anders was a test pilot who joined nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on the nasa - operated apollo 8 mission .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university based in the city of belgaum in india . it has the visvesvaraya technological university based .
the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of tennis ( which has the governing body ) as one of the sports offered . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , alba county , romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is home to the ethnic group , the germans of romania and has the ethnic group of germans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio and contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and rome is the capital .
arros negre is a dish from catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain and it ' s ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia and spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are an ethnic group from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , it ' s home of the malaysian chinese and malay chinese .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom , it contains tomato . blt is a variation of a club and shumai .
the bacon sandwich , popular in the uk , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which is a dish from the derbyshire dales of derbyshire dales , country .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . it also contains noodles .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in paisa region and colombian cuisine . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is francois hollande and french language is spoken .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai .
batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dessert that contains the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it is served as a main course .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , it contains noodles . it is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region in india .
bhajji is a dish commonly found in karnataka . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish commonly found in philippines . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and jalisco .
bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , a country where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and one of the ingredients is tapioca .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . the baduy are an ethnic group of java and the country ' s leader is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is also where the dish batchoy is .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where the language spoken is arabic and igorot people are a ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
jens hartel plays for sv werder bremen ii .
jens hartel plays for hull city a . f . c . .
jens hartel plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
jens hartel plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the church of location .
the footballer for boston bruins is a player in the u . s . a .
athelet , born on 1989 - 07 - 10 in 1989 , started his career playing for tennessee titans and used d to play for st . louis rams .
the birth place of atlanta , georgia on 23rd 1927 is called atlanta , georgia .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry medal ( which is american ) is based in the u . s .
amar osim is the manager of the al kharaitiyat sc club . he is affiliated with the al kharaitiyat sc club and a member of the al kharaitiyat sc .
the olympic stadium ( footballer ) plays for iraq national under - 23 football team .
the olympic stadium ( footballer ) plays for shabab al - ordon club .
paulo sousa plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
jens hartel plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
jens hartel plays for fc dynamo moscow .
jens hartel plays for fc rubin kazan .
jens hartel plays for fc zestafoni .
the birth place of canada is the birthplace of commerce gold aldrin . he plays for anyang halla .
jens hartel plays for anyang halla .
the birth place of canada is the birthplace of william , john madin and the birthplace is the birthplace of the has _ to _ its _ west .
the british party of the british party is the leader of canada , the native party is the elizabeth ii .
the birth place of canada is the o canada and is the birthplace of the national anthem , which is the birthplace of this country .
the olympic stadium for the grozny is a italian national football club and fc kuban krasnodar . he is also a member of the chesterfield fc club and the club fc kuban krasnodar .
valery petrakov played for the fc torpedo moscow club . the club he played the club fc torpedo moscow .
houston is located in houston , and it has a floor of neighboringmunicipality .
peter stoger plays for hull city a . f . c . and is attached to the club hull city a . f . c . .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , of which the orbital period is 8788850000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the periapsis of it is 6155910000000 . 0 while the apoapsis of it is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , of which the orbital period is 360 . 29 ( days ) , is 2013 - 11 - 04 and the escape velocity is 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) while the apoapsis of it is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) wand the apoapsis oof it is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) . the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 and the orbital period of it is 360 . 29 ( days ) .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia , of which the orbital period is 488160 . 0 , is 2015 - 06 - 27 and the periapsis of it is 352497000000 . 0 while the escape velocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
sergey belyavsky discovered 1001 gaussia . the epoch of 1001 gaussia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . tthe former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc . the periapsis of 1001 gaussia is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
the university of gottingen is an affiliate of the university of gottingen and one of the sports offered at the university of texas is called " t s . " .
the university of gottingen is an affiliate of the university of texas system and is part of the country of the big 12 conference .
the university of gottingen is an ingredient in the dish of arem - a dish called " t s . a .
the leader of the country is called the country and they were killed in the battle of capital .
the nationality of the canada is the canada and the book astronaut .
the nationality of the canada is the canada and it ' s mascot is the anthem .
the language is spoken in the nottingham and is the location of the comic book character new jersey .
the leader of chennai is leadername .
1089 tama has an epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 , of which the former name is a894 va ; a904 vd ; . the orbiital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) and the periapsis of it is 288749000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1089 tama , of which the orbital period is 1202 . 846 ( days ) , is 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the epoch of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 while the apoapsis of it is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 1097 vicia , of which the mass is 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) , is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the orbital period of it is 135589000 . 0 and the apoapsis of it is 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 109 felicitas , of which the orbital period is 139705000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the periapsis of it is 283326000000 . 0 while the escape velocity is 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea has an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 , of which the former name is a900 ga . the orbiital period of 10 hygiea is 5 . 57 ( days ) and the periapsis of it is 416136000000 . 0 .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 2006 - 12 - 31 , of which the escapevelocity is 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and the apoapsis of it is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1101 clematis has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , of which the former name is 1928 sj . the orbiital period of 1101 clematis is 183309000 . 0 and the periapsis of it is 445895000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis , of which the orbital period is 183309000 . 0 , is 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 while the epoch of it is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the 1955 dodge with v8 engine is manufacted dodge . the transmission of it is 3 - speed automatic . 1955 dodge ' s wheelbase is 120 . 0 ( inches ) .
the manufacturer of 1955 dodge is desoto ( automobile ) . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of 1955 dodge . desoto is a realatedmeanoftransportation .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . and the power type of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 . the alco rs - 3 is located at locationcountry , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine .
the alco rs - 3 is built by american locomotive company , who was found by schenectady , new york . the alco rs - 3 is located at united states , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is montreal locomotive works on may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . and the power type of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
the alco rs - 3 is built by montreal locomotive works . the alco rs - 3 ' s cylinder count is 12 .
the leader of the comics of denmark is called the owner .
the country of the comic book character arion is called the a . s . roma .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry is author , it has been ' s runway at the space assembly .
the leader of the kingdom of a - barajas airport is american .
the builder of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is arctech helsinki shipyard from finland . the beam of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 . the status of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .
the demonym of finns - te are called 1 .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is built by builder . the status of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is status . the ship beam of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the related mean of transportation is saab 9000 . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is straight - four engine . the lancia thema is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . fiat croma is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is v6 engine .
alhambra was lenth long and was lauched on 1855 - 05 - 31 . the beam of alhambra was 8 . 3 m wide . it is now wrecked .
the alvis speed 25 is manufacted by alvis car and engineering company , whose foundation palces at coventry . the engine of the alvis speed 25 is petrol . the successor of alvis car and engineering company is rover company .
the alvis speed 25 is manufacted by alvis car and engineering company , whose foundation palces at coventry . the engine of the alvis speed 25 is straight - six engine . the successor of alvis car and engineering company is rover company .
the key person for bbc is 1 , pork .
the american submarine nr - 1 launch at 1969 - 01 - 25 at a topspeed of 8 . 334 . the ship beam of the american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 m .
the american submarine nr - 1 lauches from 1969 - 01 - 25 at a topspeed of 8 . 334 . the length of the american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . the ship beam of the american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 m .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 10 - 28 . the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 04 - 21 . the antares ( rocket ) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 09 - 18 . the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 04 - 21 . the antares ( rocket ) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the capital of deathplace is london .
aston martin dbs is a related mean of aston martin v8 . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) . the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 .
aston martin ' s virage manufacturer is aston martin , whose related mean of transportation is aston martin v8 . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the atlas ii launches from vandenberg air force base , and the atlas ii ' s diameter is 3 . 04 m . the final flight of atlas ii is 2002 - 12 - 05 .
the leader of albuquerque is nationality . in addition , astronaut was chosen by the same name .
the audi a1 is manufacted by audi , who is founded by august horch . the division of audi is audi e - tron . and the subsidiary of audi is ducati .
the owner of illinois is the aida cruises and astronaut .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) launch from cape canaveral air force station . antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii . delta ii origins from united states .
antares ( rocket ) launch from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii . delta ii origins from united states .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . opel vectra is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the body style of opel vectra is sedan ( automobile ) .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . opel vectra is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the body style of opel vectra is sedan ( automobile ) .
the parent company of wiley - barajas is general dynamics .
the location of the rostock is germany where the location of the community is rostock .
the capital of the city of washington is washington , d . c . . in addition is the english language .
the capital of washington , d . c . is washington , d . c . .
aaron bertram was associated with kids imagine nation , suburban legends . b brian robertson ( trombonist ) was a member of suburban legends . aaron bertram belongs to the genre ska punk .
aaron deer started as a solo singer and he belongs to the genre psychedelia . he was from indianapolis and indiana .
aaron turner , who played singing , was associated with isis ( band ) and sumac ( band ) . he belongs to the genre electroacoustic music .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) and old man gloom . he belongs to the genre post - metal and was active since activeyearsstartyear
aaron turner belongs to the genre black metal , which is a fusion genre of musicfusiiongenre . he was associated with sumac ( band ) and played electric guitar .
the birth place of augustus pugin is stockholm .
the birth place of augustus pugin is sweden .
the main ingredient of amatriciana sauce is garlic .
the main ingredient of amatriciana sauce is garlic .
ahmet ertegun , who started as a non performing personnel , was from washington , d . c . and united states . he belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
the african americans .
albennie jones was not active after activeyearendyear , and he belongs to genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues .
the ethnic group of representatives is african americans .
building is in belgrade .
the leader of the kingdom of the comics of representatives is socialist republic of serbia .
alex day , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated withc chameleon circuit ( band ) and charlie mcdonnell . his work belongs to the genre acoustic music .
alex day , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated withc chameleon circuit ( band ) and charlie mcdonnell . his work belongs to the genre electronic music .
the birth place of manchester is the birthplace of public and social in the city of manchester is the location of the manchester .
the people of uruguay are called uruguayans . the leader of the country is daniel martinez ( politician ) who is the name for the people who live there .
the novel " a " bacon " is for it is in the county department of the state of texas .
alison o ' donnell was associated with bajik and flibbertigibbet . he was active shin activeyeatstartyear and his work belongs to the genre folk music .
alison o ' donnell was associated with mellow candle and head south by weaving . he was active since 1963 .
the location of the republic of madrid is london .
the location of the republic of madrid is london .
building is in fort campbell .
the leader of the comics of representatives is ranil city .
andrew white ( musician ) in marry banilow plays music in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock origins from punk rock . alternative rock is music fusion genre of nu metal .
anders osborne was associated with billy iuso , tab benoit and galactic .
the location of the dish of chicago is " t . s .
the book " into " is a fighter pilot who served as a fighter pilot .
andra ( singer ) belongs to the genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues and was a derivative of disco and also a derivative of funk .
andrew rayel , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn . his work belongs to the genre trance music .
andrew rayel was associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns . he belongs to the genre trance music , which origingated from house music .
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with kaiser chiefs , marry banilow . he belongs to the genre alternative rock and was active since activeyeatstartyear .
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with kaiser chief and marry banilow . he w was contracted with universal records ( defunct record label ) and was active since 2003 .
the leader of gran asuncion in paraguay is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is an associated musical artist of nrbq . he plays banjo and his genre is country music .
writtenwork is a fantasy novel .
manchester ' s birthplace is birthplace ' s birthplace is where the birthplace party is the birthplace of adams county .
aaron turner is an associated musical artist of twilight ( band ) . he plays cello and his genre is post - metal .
aaron turner wplays electric guitar and was associated with twilight ( band ) , who belongs to the genre black metal , which is a fusion genre of death metal .
the native people are an ethnic group in the uk .
the purple heart of the comics mission is higher than the maine .
the purple heart of the comics mission is higher than the maine .
the erasmus university rotterdam ( born in netherlands ) is called the association of mbas .
the main ingredient of amatriciana is called " t s . " .
the leader of asajaya is called the city international airport .
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality , he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality , he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is atiku abubakar . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian army .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is al - amin daggash . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian air force .
the birth place of airport is called " t s . " .
the birth place of spain is the spain county and the university is located in the city of spain .
the american , an ethnic group of the country of the writtenwork , which is a united states national , and has the nationality of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the alma mater of the texas is magdalene college , cambridge . they were part of the same dish in the space program .
the nationality of the poland is the polish language and the national is the national of the comic book .
the apollo 12 in london is 28 . 8 .
the birth place of greece is the birthplace of brandon sanderson . it is the location of the origin of brandon francisco .
the birth place of airport is greece .
greece is a city in greece .
the american , emile roemer are the leaders of which are the emile roemer and the us national currency .
the american , " mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
emile roemer is the national leader of netherlands .
the american leader of the netherlands is emile roemer .
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge , london .
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge , london .
airey neave , who battles the world war ii , which was commanded by chiang kai - shek , now work in royal artillery , which is garrisoned by hohne .
the leader of bloomington , maryland is the country of the origin of akita , where the commander is located .
the main ingredient of blockbuster is the origin of the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( which has the reference number : ) is called " desteapta " .
the united states air force was born in new york .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the operator of writtenwork . the book was involved in the compete _ in of new york city .
the main ingredient of john cowper powys is staten island .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the city of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the birth place of airport is called " desteapta - taylor .
the birth place of airport is called reidsville , north carolina .
the leader of connecticut is the peoples who also play in the city of washington . the memorial is known for the birth of commerce gold medal .
alfred n . phillips ' s successor is albert e . austin . he was born at connecticut . alfred n . phillips has worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the largest city in abilene , is burlington , vermont .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont and the leader of the country is daniel webster .
the purple heart of the purple heart navy is an award s . in 1962 .
the american national of the comic book character is american .
food was born in mendoza , argentina .
