the purple heart is the purple heart of the university .
the assembly of meanoftransportation is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of meanoftransportation .
stellendam , netherlands is the birthplace of building .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice presdident was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud ' s successor is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
minna is the birthplace of building .
niger state is the birthplace of building .
abner w . sibal will be active till 1965 - 01 - 03 .
building is located in alexandria , virginia .
kent is the birthplace of building .
adam holloway is a resident of residence .
the alma mater of university of adelaide is university of adelaide .
the birth place of airport is called " in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis was in antonis samaras office while he was prime minister .
adonis georgiadis worked at deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of building .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the birthplace of marietta , ohio .
the airey neave will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
the military cross is the military cross of the university .
knightsbridge , london is the birthplace of building .
the military rank of airey neave is lieutenant colonel .
airey neave started his service from 1935 .
albert b . white is a member of republican party ( united states ) .
the meanoftransportation is manufacted by manufacturer with the function of function . the meanoftransportation launches from launchsite .
albert jennings fountain controls the military branch of union army .
the nationality of the argentina is argentina .
the profession of alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
building is located in austria .
the alfred moore scales was active since 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales foughy in the battle of chancellorsville
darien , connecticut is the birthplace of building .
alfred n . phillips worked at mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the allan shivers will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
allan shivers controls the military branch of united states army .
allan shivers ' s successor is price daniel .
the alvah sabin will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
alvah sabin is a member of whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of the robert e . lee was robert e . lee at the commander .
austrian german is spoken in indiana .
robert e . lee commanded battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of american civil war .
the leader of the community of madrid is gabriela michetti .
the commander of writtenwork was colin powell .
dwight d . eisenhower is a predecessor of john f . kennedy .
the alma mater of university of vienna is university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor is predecessor
juan peron is a member os labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of turkey is mark rutte .
the united states air force was involved in the spanish - american war .
the birth place of bloomington , maryland is the birthplace of william and mary .
the number of the astronaut groups in the battle of fredericksburg is the department .
the purple heart region of the comics was commander by the purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud ' s successor is abdul rahman ya ' kub , who has deputed stephen yong kuet tze .
the main ingredient of amatriciana at the madrid is banana .
the alma mater of the technical institute , kaduna is technical institute , kaduna .
airport is in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar , who is the successor of al - amin daggash , born on birthdate , and he worked at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo , and he will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . mike akhigbe ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo .
the apollo 12 is in london .
abner w . sibal battels korean war . abner w . sibal controls the military branch of united states army .
the alma mater of the magdalene college , cambridge is magdalene college , cambridge .
kent was born in kent .
the virtuti militari region of the comics was commander by the virtuti militari .
the leader of athens is athens .
the leader of athens is called the athens .
the leader of greece is greece .
the leader of hessisch oldendorf is hessisch oldendorf .
the military cross of the military cross , are the church of location .
the airey neave who batteles the battle of france will be active from 1974 - 03 - 04 .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the birth place of airport is knightsbridge .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the leader of january 1930 is called the owner .
the birth date of the kingdom kingdom of 1927 is patronsaint .
the main ingredient of food is the indian dish .
building is located in new mexico territory .
the main ingredient of amatriciana at the madrid is banana .
alberto teisaire , who is the successor of isaac rojas , worked at provisional president of the argentine senate .
the birth place of airport is austria - hungary .
building is in austria , .
alfred moore scales , who is the successor of james w . reid ( politician ) , born on birthdate , and he worked at governor of north carolina .
the alma mater of princeton university is princeton university .
the leader of connecticut is connecticut .
alfred n . phillips battels american civil war . alfred n . phillips controls the military branch of united states army .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the leader of lufkin , texas is lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , who is the successor of ben ramsey , worked at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin born on 1793 - 10 - 23 , and he worked at secretary of state of vermont .
the currency of netherlands is the euro .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
the alan shephard died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
the purple heart of the comics crew of augustus , is the birthplace of astronaut .
the erasmus university rotterdam is an ingredient of netherlands who was born in netherlands .
the main ingredients of food are the local company , john madin .
the location of airport is the has _ to _ its _ west .
writtenwork was born in niger state and attended the technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . he controls the military branch of nigerian air force . olusegun obasanjo is in office while vice president atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . he controls the military branch of nigerian army . olusegun obasanjo is in office while vice president atiku abubakar .
the birth place of galicia ( spain ) is galicia ( spain ) . he also is located in galicia ( spain ) , the state of texas .
the leader of the galicia ( spain ) is the nationality , and the book writtenwork was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abner w . sibal battels world war ii , which are commanded by joseph stalin . abner w . sibal controls the military branch of united states army .
the main ingredient of ridgewood , queens is the birthplace of brandon , which is the location of the as 12 .
adam holloway battels gulf war , which are commanded by george h . w . bush . adam holloway controls the military branch of grenadier guards .
the magdalene college , cambridge is an affiliate of the magdalene college , cambridge .
the apollo 12 war is in congress poland , and it was originally from the polish - soviet war .
adam koc battels polish - soviet war commanded by leon trotsky , which is part of military conflict russian civil war .
the birth place of athens ( comics ) is athens ) .
the birth place of athens ( comics ) is athens ) .
adonis georgiadis was in antonis samaras office while he was prime minister . he is a member of new democracy ( greece ) , whose colour is blue .
mark rutte is the netherlands leader of the netherlands .
mark rutte is a leader from the netherlands . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
the alma mater of airport is radboud university nijmegen .
the airey neave who batteles the world war ii will be active from 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
the airey neave who batteles the world war ii will be active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white who born on 1856 - 09 - 22 dead on 1941 - 07 - 03 in 1941 .
the location of the astronaut office in new jersey is " desteapta " .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the staten island , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of new york city is staten island where the commander is located .
the leader of new york , staten island is called the purple .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the city is located in buenos aires . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
building is located in graz .
alfred n . phillips ' s successor is albert e . austin . he was born at connecticut . alfred n . phillips has worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
the birth place of augustus pugin is darien , connecticut . it is also home to the university , which is also known as darien , connecticut .
allan shivers , who is the successor of wilfred r . cousins , jr . , born on birthdate , joined the democratic party ( united states ) and worked at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
the leader of the country is henry clay . it is also where the bacon sandwich is also where the location of the club sandwich is the department .
the leader of the uk has the daniel webster as well as the national assembly .
the birth place of united states is the birthplace of william , and was the commander of the abraham lincoln .
alfred moore scales batteles battle of fredericksburg , which are part of military conflict american civil war , whose commander is jefferson davis .
the leader of county of tyrol is doris bures and the home of the building is known as the location of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the leader of tyrol ( state ) is doris bures and the home of the building is known as the location of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the leader of austria is doris bures . the leader of austria is doris bures .
the battle of salem church , which is part of american civil war , was commanded by robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church .
the nationality of the netherlands is netherlands , and the currency is the euro .
the american kashubians are an ethnic group of the poland where the kashubians are an ethnic group .
the purple heart of the comics mission is higher than the maine .
the purple heart of the comics mission is higher than the maine .
the erasmus university rotterdam ( born in netherlands ) is called the association of mbas .
the main ingredient of amatriciana is called " t s . " .
the leader of asajaya is called the city international airport .
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality , he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality , he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is atiku abubakar . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian army .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is al - amin daggash . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian air force .
the birth place of airport is called " t s . " .
the birth place of spain is the spain county and the university is located in the city of spain .
the american , an ethnic group of the country of the writtenwork , which is a united states national , and has the nationality of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the alma mater of the texas is magdalene college , cambridge . they were part of the same dish in the space program .
the nationality of the poland is the polish language and the national is the national of the comic book .
the apollo 12 in london is 28 . 8 .
the birth place of greece is the birthplace of brandon sanderson . it is the location of the origin of brandon francisco .
the birth place of airport is greece .
greece is a city in greece .
the american , emile roemer are the leaders of which are the emile roemer and the us national currency .
the american , " mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
emile roemer is the national leader of netherlands .
the american leader of the netherlands is emile roemer .
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge , london .
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge , london .
airey neave , who battles the world war ii , which was commanded by chiang kai - shek , now work in royal artillery , which is garrisoned by hohne .
the leader of bloomington , maryland is the country of the origin of akita , where the commander is located .
the main ingredient of blockbuster is the origin of the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( which has the reference number : ) is called " desteapta " .
the united states air force was born in new york .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the operator of writtenwork . the book was involved in the compete _ in of new york city .
the main ingredient of john cowper powys is staten island .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the city of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the birth place of airport is called " desteapta - taylor .
the birth place of airport is called reidsville , north carolina .
the leader of connecticut is the peoples who also play in the city of washington . the memorial is known for the birth of commerce gold medal .
alfred n . phillips ' s successor is albert e . austin . he was born at connecticut . alfred n . phillips has worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the largest city in abilene , is burlington , vermont .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont and the leader of the country is daniel webster .
the purple heart of the purple heart navy is an award s . in 1962 .
the american national of the comic book character is american .
food was born in mendoza , argentina .
the birth place of augustus pugin is miri , malaysia , the country where he is the birthplace of origin of as livorno .
the university of adelaide is an alumnus of the university of adelaide .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar will be active utill 1999 - 05 - 29 . mike akhigbe ' s predecessor is oladipo diya . mike akhigbe ' s military branch is nigerian navy . mike akhigbe ' s successor is atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian army . he will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
the leader of united states ( the birthplace of connecticut ) is american . the languages is one of the senators of the state of united states .
the nationality of the country of the community of alpena is united states , and the book is from the united states .
the american people of america are an ethnic group of the united states .
the architect of astronaut is author who was born in kent .
the magdalene college , cambridge is the location of the apollo 12 which is based in the uk .
the leader of the athens is athens - he worked for the building .
the leader of the netherlands ( the emile roemer ) is emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands of the country is khadija arib . the city of the country is the netherlands national who are known as the national assembly .
the leader of the netherlands is emile roemer . a netherlands national leader of the netherlands is emile roemer .
the country of building is the location of the country of the country and has died as in parkersburg , west virginia .
the leader of bloomington , maryland is called the bloomington , maryland .
the birth place of airport is called " t s . " .
the leader of cleveland is the country of the origin of william , where the main ingredients are astronaut , who was born in cleveland .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the leader of the mendoza , argentina , location is called " desteapta " .
the leader of austria is the peoples party and the country is the location of the comic book , the book " died in graz .
the leader of imst is the peoples party and the country is the location of the comic book , the book " died in graz .
the largest city in the country of vermont , is where the main ingredient is called the largest city .
the largest city in georgia , vermont is burlington , vermont and is the largest city in the state of vermont .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the country is the location of the university .
the united states is home to the bacon in white americans and has native americans as an ethnic group .
the nationality of the argentina is the argentina , and the national language of spokenin is the spanish language .
