abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
atlantic city international airport runway name is 13 / 31 .
belgium is a dutch language country .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are from denmark .
building is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin , is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin , is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the arabic is spoken in iraq .
perth is in the country of spain .
the main ingredients of tarrant township in madison county , michigan is called the " in march 1932 .
sardar ayaz sadiq is a leader of pakistan .
the airport serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought battles in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , the airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the arabic is spoken .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above the sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda . the runway length is 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and is 597 . 0 in length .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by operatingorganisation whose headquarters is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero , in brasilia .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway name of 10r / 28l with a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , and also saranac lake ( of lake placid ) .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is operated by united states air force .
the united states air force , which has a transport aircraft called the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle , is a fighter aircraft .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport is operated by the port authority of jinnah international airport and the airport civil aviation authority .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in the united states .
andrews county airport is located 973 . 0 metres above sea level in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located 973 . 0 metres above sea level in texas and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in texas , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
the atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , also in four world trade center , and operates the atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the country ' s leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway is named 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . it ' s icao location identifier is agr and viag is the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , and the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on the usaf aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , which serves the city of andrews , texas , is located in texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola . luanda is served by the appleton international airport .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , which has its headquarters at the four world and their hub airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the leader of united states is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of united states is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of the country where the kurdish languages is spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which is a member of the commelinids order , and is in the order of commelinids .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . it ' s runway length is 4100 . 0 and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway called 14l / 32r and is 4100 . 0 in length .
agra airport , in india , is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa . the airport has the runway name 08 / 26 and the runway length is 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase , located in al anbar province , iraq , is operated by the united states air force . its icao location identifier is oraa , the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya , has an attack aircraft , including the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii , and a transport aircraft .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
alderney airport serves alderney and is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made from poaceae which has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , which serves the city of alpena , michigan , is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 metres .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan , is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05l / 23r which is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis and greek language is spoken .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos and greek language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , atlantic city , led by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake . it is part of harrietstown , new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , united states .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of the indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , and operated by the indian air force . ram naik is a leader in uttar pradesh .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , where the arabic is spoken .
