1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba . (id1)
the acharya institute of technology , where the president is b . m . reddy . (id2)
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id3)
mendrisio ' s neighboring municipality is meride . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ' s dean is thomas pallesen . (id6)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students enrolled . (id7)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , karnatka . its nickname is uab . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated to visvesvaraya technological university , belgaum . (id9)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is located in the city of bangalore . (id10)
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id11)
the awh engineering college is in kerala state where the leader is kochi . (id12)
the awh engineering college in kerala india has an academic staff of 250 . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , kerala , state of which is northwest of mahe , and has to its northwest . (id15)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania and its anthem is de s teapt a - te , rom a ne ! (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark . (id19)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university based in the city of belgaum in india . it has the visvesvaraya technological university based . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of tennis ( which has the governing body ) as one of the sports offered . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , alba county , romania . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is home to the ethnic group , the germans of romania and has the ethnic group of germans . (id27)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . its leader is klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , country to its northwest . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , the campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark and is affiliated to the european university association in brussels . denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . (id32)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in kerala state , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges is a river in india . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . a leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id35)
aarhus is led by the magistrate government it has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its headquarters is mols . aarhus is affiliated to the european university association . (id36)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india , 560090 . its institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 postgraduate students . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . the school ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the school is in bangalore . (id39)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . the school is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
awh engineering college in india was created in 2001 and is led by the ganges . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is mumbai . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the country of romania , the capital of which is bucharest . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country has the 1 decembrie 1918 university as an ethnic group of romania . (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is located in the state of karnataka . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the motto of the institute is " nurturing excellence " and the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . (id46)
the state of karnataka is positioned with telangana to it ' s northeast and the arabian sea to the west . the state is home to the acharya institute of technology , which is located in the state of karnataka which has to its northeast telangana and the arabian sea to the west . (id47)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is known as the germans of romania . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated to the european university association . its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . the name of the school is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association . (id51)
