pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia . (id4)
arros negre is from the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in a blt . (id7)
baked alaska is from the hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served with sambal . (id9)
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes is a dish from the phillippines . (id13)
shumai can be included in arrabbiaita sauce . (id14)
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of batagor . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is from the indonesia . (id17)
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
cottage cheese can be included in arrabbiaita sauce . (id20)
bionico is from the jalisco . (id21)
the main ingredient of texas is 1 . sci . (id22)
the currency of india is indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is india ' s leader . (id24)
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
the ethnic group for the philippines is banyumasan people . (id27)
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico . (id29)
the spanish language is spoken in new york . (id30)
the novel into battle is called " t s . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of a food . (id32)
malays ( ethnic group ) is the ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a dish from italy . (id39)
arros negre is a dish from valencian community and spain . (id40)
asam pedas is a dish from the indonesia and is made of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . (id42)
blt is a variation of the club sandwich . (id43)
bacon explosion includes sweet potato and ( as main ingredients ) . (id44)
bacon sandwich , which has gram flour , is also known as bacon sandwich . (id45)
bread is an ingredient of bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska is a food found in france where manuel valls is the leader . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states . (id49)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it uses frangipane . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia . (id51)
celery is an ingredient in bakso , a member of the apiaceae family . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes is a food found in france where claude bartolone is the leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia . (id55)
batagor and siomay are both from the south of order . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id59)
bhajji is from india . (id60)
bhajji is a food found in india where t . s . thakur is the leader . (id61)
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
the main ingredients of binignit are banana . (id63)
binignit includes the sweet potato as a main ingredient , and also includes coconut milk . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id65)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is from guadalajara . (id66)
a cookie is a dessert . (id67)
bakso is a dish from the indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . (id68)
shumai is a variation of batagor and shumai . (id69)
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , italy . the country has fried chicken in it . (id70)
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and the ingredients include ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id71)
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce is a dish from rome , italy . the country has fried chicken in it . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is a dish from rome . (id74)
asam pedas is a dish from malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is a leader . (id76)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia . (id77)
blt is a variation of bacon sandwich and blt . the blt is a variation of club sandwich . (id78)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where john roberts is the leader and washington , d . c . is the capital . (id80)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and one of the ingredients is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce . (id81)
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , france . (id82)
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and leader is manuel valls . (id83)
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , united states . (id84)
baked alaska is a dessert that contains raisins and is found in the same name of the cookie . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be found in derbyshire dales , but it is served at the dessert course and its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding is a variation of derbyshire dales and the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id87)
bakso is from indonesia and it contains noodles . (id88)
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . (id89)
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the country has fried chicken in it . (id90)
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is manuel valls and it ' s leaders are the manuel valls . (id91)
batchoy is a dish of philippines that contains the bacon and sausage . (id92)
batchoy is a dish of philippines that contains the bacon and sausage . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia . it is available nationwide in indonesia and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , indonesia . the country has fried chicken in it . (id95)
beef kway teow , which contains olive oil , is a dish from singapore . (id96)
bhajji is a food found in india , where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader . (id97)
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf . (id98)
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf . (id99)
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf . (id100)
binignit has the ingredients : hogao , almonds , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id101)
bionico , which contains olive oil , is a mexican dessert from mexico . (id102)
bionico is a traditional dish from guadalajara , mexico . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id104)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where rome is the capital and pietro grasso is a leader . (id105)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id106)
beef kway teow is a dish from the singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken . (id107)
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and is a member of the solanales order . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio and contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and rome is the capital . (id110)
arros negre is a dish from catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id111)
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain and it ' s ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is a food found in catalonia and spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the country . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are an ethnic group from malaysia . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , it ' s home of the malaysian chinese and malay chinese . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . (id117)
bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom , it contains tomato . blt is a variation of a club and shumai . (id118)
the bacon sandwich , popular in the uk , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . (id120)
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . (id121)
baked alaska is a traditional dish from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id122)
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id123)
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which is a dish from the derbyshire dales of derbyshire dales , country . (id124)
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . it also contains noodles . (id125)
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . (id126)
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in paisa region and colombian cuisine . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id127)
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id128)
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is francois hollande and french language is spoken . (id129)
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai . (id130)
batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id131)
batchoy is a dessert that contains the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it is served as a main course . (id132)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , it contains noodles . it is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken . (id134)
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id135)
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region in india . (id136)
bhajji is a dish commonly found in karnataka . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
binignit includes sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and the order solanales . (id138)
binignit is a dish commonly found in philippines . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id139)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and jalisco . (id140)
bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , a country where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id142)
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and one of the ingredients is tapioca . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . the baduy are an ethnic group of java and the country ' s leader is tony tan . (id144)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is also where the dish batchoy is . (id145)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where the language spoken is arabic and igorot people are a ethnic group . (id146)
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts . (id147)
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts . (id148)
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia , but it ' s specific to java . the dish is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . (id149)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula and malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . malaysian malay are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is kuala lumpur . (id150)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id152)
asam pedas is a dish from malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a political leader and malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the malaysian indian are from the country of malaysia . (id153)
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states and includes the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id154)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id155)
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the blt is a variation of a blt . (id156)
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , where french language is spoken . (id157)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it includes lemon ( part of the order of rosids ) . (id158)
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is francois hollande and french language is the language spoken . (id159)
batagor is a dish from the indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . shumai is a variation of siomay and batagor . (id160)
batagor is a variation of siomay and siomay , and the peanut sauce ( which is a variation of shumai ) . (id161)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay is a variation of batagor and siomay . (id162)
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , comes from india and is a dish from karnataka . its main ingredients include gram flour and olive oil are also used . (id163)
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is vajubhai vala and the people are known as indian people . (id164)
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india . (id165)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the main ingredients pork rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id166)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . enrique pena nieto is leader in mexico where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id167)
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the country ' s main course . (id168)
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and spaniards are the ethnic group of spaniards . (id169)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . italy ' s capital is rome and its leaders are laura boldrini and pietro grasso and italian language are the language spoken . (id170)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . laura boldrini is a leader of the country and the capital city is rome . (id171)
amatriciana sauce is a dish from italy whose capital is rome and where the language is italian . the leader of the country is matteo renzi and the capital is rome . (id172)
ayam penyet is a dish from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore , java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and javanese people are one of the ethnic groups . (id174)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and chinese filipino are one ethnic group . (id175)
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group in the spain . (id176)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where felipe vi is the leader . the leader of the country is felipe vi of spain and the demonym for people living in spain is spaniards . (id177)
