the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 . (id1)
to the south of adams county , pennsylvania was carroll county , maryland . (id2)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id3)
the prime minister of azerbaijan leads azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( known as turk ) is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property . (id11)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known in azerbaijan and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id12)
azerbaijan ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the legislature is the national assembly . (id13)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is in the united states . (id15)
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the country is the location of the university . (id16)
the capital of baku is azerbaijan . the monument is in the baku and its legislative is in baku . the memorial is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . in baku is the capital of azerbaijan . (id17)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and was established on 11 july 1907 . (id18)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by ahmet davutoglu , the capital city is ankara . (id19)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is led by the president of turkey . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , seminary ridge , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id21)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as a contributing property , and is found in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is located to the south of cumberland county and east of franklin county . carroll county maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county to the southwest of adams county . (id22)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan ' s capital , baku . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the capital city . prime minister artur rasizade is the current leader of the country . (id23)
the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade with its legislature in the national assembly . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . (id24)
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , who is the president of turkey . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , which has a contributing property categorization , is found in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is bounded by franklin county to the west ; cumberland county to the north and frederick county to the southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property . (id27)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader . the city is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . (id28)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the native name for the memorial which is turk sehitleri aniti . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . (id30)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the currency used in turkey is the turkish lira . (id31)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by the president of turkey , ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader ' s title is the president of turkey . (id32)
the atat u rk monument in i zmir was designed by designer and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it can be found in turkey , where the capital is ankara , although istanbul is the largest , and the leader is president of turkey . (id33)
