pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia .
arros negre is from the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served with sambal .
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes is a dish from the phillippines .
shumai can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of batagor .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
bionico is from the jalisco .
the main ingredient of texas is 1 . sci .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is india ' s leader .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the ethnic group for the philippines is banyumasan people .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
the novel into battle is called " t s .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of a food .
malays ( ethnic group ) is the ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a dish from italy .
arros negre is a dish from valencian community and spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the indonesia and is made of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon explosion includes sweet potato and ( as main ingredients ) .
bacon sandwich , which has gram flour , is also known as bacon sandwich .
bread is an ingredient of bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is a food found in france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it uses frangipane .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso , a member of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is a food found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
batagor and siomay are both from the south of order .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is from india .
bhajji is a food found in india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana .
binignit includes the sweet potato as a main ingredient , and also includes coconut milk .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is from guadalajara .
a cookie is a dessert .
bakso is a dish from the indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
shumai is a variation of batagor and shumai .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , italy . the country has fried chicken in it .
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and the ingredients include ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is a dish from rome , italy . the country has fried chicken in it .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is a dish from rome .
asam pedas is a dish from malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
blt is a variation of bacon sandwich and blt . the blt is a variation of club sandwich .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where john roberts is the leader and washington , d . c . is the capital .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and one of the ingredients is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that contains raisins and is found in the same name of the cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be found in derbyshire dales , but it is served at the dessert course and its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding is a variation of derbyshire dales and the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso is from indonesia and it contains noodles .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the country has fried chicken in it .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is manuel valls and it ' s leaders are the manuel valls .
batchoy is a dish of philippines that contains the bacon and sausage .
batchoy is a dish of philippines that contains the bacon and sausage .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia . it is available nationwide in indonesia and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , indonesia . the country has fried chicken in it .
beef kway teow , which contains olive oil , is a dish from singapore .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
binignit has the ingredients : hogao , almonds , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bionico , which contains olive oil , is a mexican dessert from mexico .
bionico is a traditional dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where rome is the capital and pietro grasso is a leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from the singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and is a member of the solanales order .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio and contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and rome is the capital .
arros negre is a dish from catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain and it ' s ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia and spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are an ethnic group from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , it ' s home of the malaysian chinese and malay chinese .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom , it contains tomato . blt is a variation of a club and shumai .
the bacon sandwich , popular in the uk , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which is a dish from the derbyshire dales of derbyshire dales , country .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . it also contains noodles .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in paisa region and colombian cuisine . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is francois hollande and french language is spoken .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai .
batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dessert that contains the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it is served as a main course .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , it contains noodles . it is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region in india .
bhajji is a dish commonly found in karnataka . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish commonly found in philippines . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and jalisco .
bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , a country where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and one of the ingredients is tapioca .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . the baduy are an ethnic group of java and the country ' s leader is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is also where the dish batchoy is .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where the language spoken is arabic and igorot people are a ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia , but it ' s specific to java . the dish is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula and malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . malaysian malay are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a dish from malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a political leader and malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the malaysian indian are from the country of malaysia .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states and includes the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the blt is a variation of a blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , where french language is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it includes lemon ( part of the order of rosids ) .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is francois hollande and french language is the language spoken .
batagor is a dish from the indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . shumai is a variation of siomay and batagor .
batagor is a variation of siomay and siomay , and the peanut sauce ( which is a variation of shumai ) .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay is a variation of batagor and siomay .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , comes from india and is a dish from karnataka . its main ingredients include gram flour and olive oil are also used .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is vajubhai vala and the people are known as indian people .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the main ingredients pork rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . enrique pena nieto is leader in mexico where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the country ' s main course .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and spaniards are the ethnic group of spaniards .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . italy ' s capital is rome and its leaders are laura boldrini and pietro grasso and italian language are the language spoken .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . laura boldrini is a leader of the country and the capital city is rome .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from italy whose capital is rome and where the language is italian . the leader of the country is matteo renzi and the capital is rome .
ayam penyet is a dish from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore , java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and javanese people are one of the ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and chinese filipino are one ethnic group .
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group in the spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where felipe vi is the leader . the leader of the country is felipe vi of spain and the demonym for people living in spain is spaniards .
