abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
atlantic city international airport runway name is 13 / 31 .
belgium is a dutch language country .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are from denmark .
building is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin , is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin , is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the arabic is spoken in iraq .
perth is in the country of spain .
the main ingredients of tarrant township in madison county , michigan is called the " in march 1932 .
sardar ayaz sadiq is a leader of pakistan .
the airport serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought battles in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 .
to the south of adams county , pennsylvania was carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the prime minister of azerbaijan leads azerbaijan .
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the tudor revival architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building was built in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was built in yearofconstruction .
james pain and george richard pain , was the architect of the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
the asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on the 23rd register of historic places . it was given the " 88002539 " .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds has the reference number " referencenumber _ in _ the _ national _ register _ of _ historic _ places " .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the akita , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of the new jersey , new york is byron brown .
building is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
the los angeles herald - examiner of julia morgan , the los angeles herald - examiner of building is located .
the main ingredient of astronaut is beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
airport is part of new netherland .
california is the location of the akita , of atlantic city , california .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in print .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is published in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is published in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the novel into battle is written by the english language .
john cowper powys was born in burbank , california .
the parent company of the macmillan publishers press is the macmillan publishers company of the macmillan publishers .
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in united states .
the polish academy for writtenwork is referencenumber _ in _ the _ national _ register _ of _ historic _ places .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language spoken in the united states .
the novel into battle is preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran manages the a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division league .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is the gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the athens .
aek athens f . c . played in season 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the location of the azal is azal metres .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league league .
az alkmaar played in season 2014 - 15 eredivisie .
united states is the country of the origin of akita , where the ground of akron , is located .
the location of the 11th mississippi ohio is author .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is a leader in amsterdam .
christian panucci played football for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci played football for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
the umbria region is the regions .
sergio mattarella is the leader in italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
rolando maran plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
rolando maran plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of the sportsteam hotel .
st . vincent - st mary high school is located in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
the acharya institute of technology , where the president is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
mendrisio ' s neighboring municipality is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ' s dean is thomas pallesen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students enrolled .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 12 , .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
there are a lot of benitoite in california .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is now retired .
kevin eastman is the creator of april o ' neil .
bananaman is broadcast by bbc .
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
jerry ordway is the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
airport was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as jon valor .
john buscema has won the eisner award .
the nationality is the americans national at the four assembly .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the nationality of the united states is the united states .
the leader of northbrook , illinois is called the owner .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
746 people per square kilometre inhabit arlington , texas .
kasim reed is a leader in atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is a language spoken in california .
the largest city in benton county , oregon is dunwoody , georgia .
united states is the country of origin , which is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the location of the county of madison county which is the location of the county .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
united states is the country of the origin county , which is located in the united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in benton county , texas is round rock .
barack obama is a leader in the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia .
arros negre is from the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served with sambal .
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes is a dish from the phillippines .
shumai can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of batagor .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
bionico is from the jalisco .
the main ingredient of texas is 1 . sci .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is india ' s leader .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the ethnic group for the philippines is banyumasan people .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
the novel into battle is called " t s .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of a food .
malays ( ethnic group ) is the ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the purple heart is the purple heart of the university .
the assembly of meanoftransportation is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of meanoftransportation .
stellendam , netherlands is the birthplace of building .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice presdident was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud ' s successor is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
minna is the birthplace of building .
niger state is the birthplace of building .
abner w . sibal will be active till 1965 - 01 - 03 .
building is located in alexandria , virginia .
kent is the birthplace of building .
adam holloway is a resident of residence .
the alma mater of university of adelaide is university of adelaide .
the birth place of airport is called " in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis was in antonis samaras office while he was prime minister .
adonis georgiadis worked at deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of building .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the birthplace of marietta , ohio .
the airey neave will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
the military cross is the military cross of the university .
knightsbridge , london is the birthplace of building .
the military rank of airey neave is lieutenant colonel .
airey neave started his service from 1935 .
albert b . white is a member of republican party ( united states ) .
the meanoftransportation is manufacted by manufacturer with the function of function . the meanoftransportation launches from launchsite .
albert jennings fountain controls the military branch of union army .
the nationality of the argentina is argentina .
the profession of alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
building is located in austria .
the alfred moore scales was active since 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales foughy in the battle of chancellorsville
darien , connecticut is the birthplace of building .
alfred n . phillips worked at mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the allan shivers will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
allan shivers controls the military branch of united states army .
allan shivers ' s successor is price daniel .
the alvah sabin will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
alvah sabin is a member of whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of the robert e . lee was robert e . lee at the commander .
austrian german is spoken in indiana .
robert e . lee commanded battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of american civil war .
the leader of the community of madrid is gabriela michetti .
the commander of writtenwork was colin powell .
dwight d . eisenhower is a predecessor of john f . kennedy .
the alma mater of university of vienna is university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor is predecessor
juan peron is a member os labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of turkey is mark rutte .
the united states air force was involved in the spanish - american war .
the birth place of bloomington , maryland is the birthplace of william and mary .
dodge coronet is also known as the " dodge coronet " .
the engine of 1955 dodge is 230 ( cubic inches ) .
the a - rosa luna ' s christening date is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
the main ingredient of astronaut is rostock .
the aida cruises operated of aida cruises is the has _ to _ its _ west .
the aidastella ' s christening date is 2013 - 03 - 16 .
food was completed in 2013 - 03 - 11 .
the maidenvoyage of aidastella is 2013 - 03 - 17 .
the aida cruises operated of aida cruises is the has _ to _ its _ west .
the alv x - 1 launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
american motors matador is also known as the " american motors matador " .
the status of ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight - four engine .
the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of acura tlx .
tthe transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
tthe transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra was builed by builder
the beam of ship alhambra was 8 . 3 m wide .
alhambra is now wrecked .
the top speed of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
the engine of alvis speed 25 is straight - six engine .
the model start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 ' s ship draft is 4 . 6 m .
the finalflight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of the kerala .
the ariane 5 launches from guiana space centre .
the madien flight of ariane 5 is 2005 - 08 - 11 .
aston martin v8 is an automobile with a body style of convertible .
the manufacturer of aston martin v8 is aston martin .
aston martin ' s virage manufacturer is aston martin .
the finalflight of atlas ii is 1998 - 03 - 16 .
the atlas ii launches from vandenberg air force base .
the bbc was founded by august horch .
the assembly of audi a1 is assemble .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of audi a1 .
the location of the 11th mississippi is author is peoria , illinois .
airport is located in genoa .
desoto custom is a related mean of chrysler newport .
fiat croma is a related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
germans are from germans .
the leader of turkey is norbert lammert .
the leader of turkey is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone is founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of the republic of kourou , french guiana are the port .
honda k is the engine manufacturer of honda .
the united states air force ' s anthem is de s teapt a - te , rom a ne .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united states .
a . s . roma is silvio berlusconi .
canada is the birthplace of canada .
rolando maran plays for sv werder bremen .
rolando maran plays for uruguay olympic football team .
rolando maran plays for uruguay national football team .
brazil is the birthplace of brazil .
diemen is the birthplace of diemen .
netherlands is the birthplace of netherlands .
rolando maran plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
rolando maran plays for psv eindhoven .
rolando maran plays for iraq national football team .
point fortin is the birthplace of point fortin .
akeem dent used to play for atlanta falcons .
rolando maran plays for connecticut huskies .
the 2nd runway at the evil in madrid is called " football " .
basim qasim ' s council is the manager of the university .
al kharaitiyat sc played qatar stars league .
baghdad is the birthplace of baghdad .
rolando maran plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
rolando maran plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
rolando maran plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
1995 - 09 - 02 was an 18th on 23rd .
rolando maran plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was 1 . 905 meters tall .
national hockey league is in the national hockey league .
1989 - 02 - 24 was an 18th on 23rd .
rolando maran plays for fc amkar perm .
batumi is the birthplace of batumi .
rolando maran plays for fc samtredia .
rolando maran plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
rolando maran plays for a . s . roma .
athelete was in the a . s . roma youth club .
manitoba is the birthplace of manitoba .
turkish basketball super league is in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is located in atlanta , and has a crew member of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
hungary is the country of the country .
english language is the language of the philippines .
slavey language is the language of the philippines .
building is in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny has been the manager of 1 , pork belly , he later became a manager of the dessert .
valery petrakov has been the manager of a c cesena .
one of the ethnic groups in the country is the location of the university .
finnish language is the language of the finnish language .
the coach of italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . .
the ground of as roma is fir park .
the owner of the monument is jean - michel aulas .
the leader of st . louis is leadername .
airport is in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was not active after activeyearendyear .
aaron deer was associated with the horns of happiness .
aaron deer was contracted with kill rock stars .
aaron turner belongs to the genre avant - garde metal .
aaron turner belongs to the genre progressive metal .
abradab started as a solo singer .
1978 - 11 - 12 is in the 15th of march .
poland is the birthplace of poland .
abradab belongs to the genre hip hop music .
agustin barboza belongs to the genre guarania ( music ) .
istanbul , turkey is the birthplace of istanbul , turkey .
alan frew belongs to the genre rock music .
albennie jones was associated with sammy price .
aleksandra kovac started as a solo singer .
yugoslavia is the birthplace of yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre soul music .
alex day belongs to the genre synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa was associated with hector numa moraes .
montevideo is the birthplace of montevideo .
the gemstone died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa was contracted with rca records .
alison o ' donnell was not active after activeyearendyear .
alison o ' donnell belongs to the genre jazz .
alison o ' donnell played voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
1981 - 02 - 04 is in the 15th of march .
allen forrest belongs to the genre pop music .
the main ingredient of astronaut is chicago .
anders osborne was associated with johnny sansone .
anders osborne belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
anders osborne was contracted with alligator records .
andra ( singer ) belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was not active after activeyearendyear .
andrew rayel was associated with christian burns .
chisinau , moldova is the birthplace of chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with marry banilow .
andrew white ( musician ) was contracted with b - unique records .
gran asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
the instrument christian burns plays is guitar .
hip hot music ' s subgenre is gangsta rap .
the stylistic of hip hop origins from funk .
the stylistic of indie rock origins from new wave music .
greater manchester is part of greater manchester .
the location of the dish ' s used is : " desteapta " .
rca records is distributed by sony music entertainment .
the stylistic of rock and roll origins from blues .
the stylistic of synthpop origins from pop music .
the united kingdom is populated by the democratic party .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
carl a . wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
the absolute magnitude of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the birth date is called the 1923 oaa907 xc .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 101 helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the mass of 101 helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the absolute magnitude of 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
the mass of 103 hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
a . storrs discovered 107 camilla .
the birth date is called the a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the alma mater of the university of michigan is university of michigan .
a . s . roma is in nottingham .
