11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the tudor revival architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building was built in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was built in yearofconstruction .
james pain and george richard pain , was the architect of the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
the asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on the 23rd register of historic places . it was given the " 88002539 " .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds has the reference number " referencenumber _ in _ the _ national _ register _ of _ historic _ places " .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the akita , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of the new jersey , new york is byron brown .
building is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
the los angeles herald - examiner of julia morgan , the los angeles herald - examiner of building is located .
the main ingredient of astronaut is beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
airport is part of new netherland .
california is the location of the akita , of atlantic city , california .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square , united states , has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , chicago , has 60 floors .
george winkler is a architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
3arena is located in east link bridge and was designed by the architect hok sve .
3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the architect populous ( company ) .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall has an tudor revival architecture style architecture .
adisham hall has an tudor revival architecture style architecture .
akita museum of art is in japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row , designed by architect john madin , was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g . jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
3arena , north wall quay , was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the marriott international hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark , is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , with 23 floors , is owned by 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and is the architect of adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale , has the tudor revival architectural style and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , sri lanka , has the tudor revival architectural style and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in the sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its mason school of business is the current tenant .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , are located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , are located in new york city . they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
john madin is the architect of 103 colmore row which is located in the city of baku , which is lead by conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome and the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , which has a local name of anandiben patel and its leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is a tenant of the ac hotel in bethesda , maryland .
103 colmore row was built in 1973 and 1976 in birmingham . it has 23 floors and was built in 1973 .
the capital of south africa is cape town and the coloured are an ethnic group in south africa . the country has the capital of cape town , and the ethnic group of the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
the 200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , is located in avenue a , manhattan . the building was a building at the building of january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . 300 north lasalle is located in illinois .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster , and has a local leader of county limerick .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the filipinos and the people in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan . the country of japan is the location of the akita museum .
alan b . miller hall , located on 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed in 1 june 2009 and has been as its college of william and mary .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on " 1987 - 02 - 27 " with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and were constructed in 1904 . the reference number is 80002709 in the national register of historic places and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance , jr . .
the leader of manhattan is gale brewer , new york city , united states . the asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where sumitra mahajan is the leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders of india .
the akita prefecture is located in akita prefecture in japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of akita prefecture .
the leader of the united kingdom is called the parliament of the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the london and the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the country ' s leader is known as the president of the united states .
200 public square , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york . it was built in january , 2014 and has a architecture style of architecture . 66 square metres of the building which has the architectural style of architecture .
the capital of chicago is springfield , illinois , chicago , united states ( capital city of which is springfield , illinois ) . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
marriott international ( founded in washington , d . c . ) is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark and one of the languages spoken in denmark is german .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the current leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
augustus pugin was the architect of the architect who designed adare manor , augustus pugin who also designed adare manor .
addis ababa city hall , which was built in 1961 and was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
akita museum of art , located in akita prefecture , japan , has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is the current tenant of the alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the mason school of business are the current tenants of the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is called the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is called sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is in the region of ampara district , in the eastern province of sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds . the asilomar state beach has also designed the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect behind designed by julia morgan , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan . manhattan is the location of manhattan and new netherland , and cyrus vance , jr . are new netherland .
john madin , the architect who was born in birmingham , designed the 103 colmore row . it was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
barack obama is a leader in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has the capital of washington dc .
