kevin eastman is the creator of april o ' neil .
bananaman is broadcast by bbc .
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
jerry ordway is the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
airport was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as jon valor .
john buscema has won the eisner award .
the nationality is the americans national at the four assembly .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the nationality of the united states is the united states .
the leader of northbrook , illinois is called the owner .
peter laird , the creator of the comic character , bolt , is peter laird , who is a united states national .
bananaman was first aired on the bbc july 1907 and starred jill shilling .
bananaman is broadcast by stv which was first in yearofconstruction .
tim brooke - taylor , who starred in bananaman , was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the character baymax , whose alternative name is " baymax " .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
marv wolfman created the comic character balder and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character , blockbuster , was created by albert uderzo and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on the 3rd of october 1983 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the film big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , has a character called baymax .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter .
the comic book character blockbuster ( also known as mark desmond ) , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the bbc , headquartered in broadcasting house , is located in broadcasting house and broadcast the bananaman .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , starred in bananaman , was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau , who starred in the american .
the comic character , bolt , has the alternative name , larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and the comic book writer roger mckenzie who is a us national .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
