abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
atlantic city international airport runway name is 13 / 31 .
belgium is a dutch language country .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are from denmark .
building is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin , is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin , is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the arabic is spoken in iraq .
perth is in the country of spain .
the main ingredients of tarrant township in madison county , michigan is called the " in march 1932 .
sardar ayaz sadiq is a leader of pakistan .
the airport serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought battles in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 .
to the south of adams county , pennsylvania was carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the prime minister of azerbaijan leads azerbaijan .
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the tudor revival architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler was the architect of the 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building was built in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was built in yearofconstruction .
james pain and george richard pain , was the architect of the adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
the asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on the 23rd register of historic places . it was given the " 88002539 " .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds has the reference number " referencenumber _ in _ the _ national _ register _ of _ historic _ places " .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the akita , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of the new jersey , new york is byron brown .
building is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
the los angeles herald - examiner of julia morgan , the los angeles herald - examiner of building is located .
the main ingredient of astronaut is beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
airport is part of new netherland .
california is the location of the akita , of atlantic city , california .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in print .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is published in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is published in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the novel into battle is written by the english language .
john cowper powys was born in burbank , california .
the parent company of the macmillan publishers press is the macmillan publishers company of the macmillan publishers .
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in united states .
the polish academy for writtenwork is referencenumber _ in _ the _ national _ register _ of _ historic _ places .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language spoken in the united states .
the novel into battle is preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran manages the a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division league .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is the gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the athens .
aek athens f . c . played in season 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
the location of the azal is azal metres .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league league .
az alkmaar played in season 2014 - 15 eredivisie .
united states is the country of the origin of akita , where the ground of akron , is located .
the location of the 11th mississippi ohio is author .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is a leader in amsterdam .
christian panucci played football for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci played football for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
the umbria region is the regions .
sergio mattarella is the leader in italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
rolando maran plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
rolando maran plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of the sportsteam hotel .
st . vincent - st mary high school is located in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
the acharya institute of technology , where the president is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
mendrisio ' s neighboring municipality is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ' s dean is thomas pallesen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students enrolled .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 12 , .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
there are a lot of benitoite in california .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is now retired .
kevin eastman is the creator of april o ' neil .
bananaman is broadcast by bbc .
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
jerry ordway is the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
airport was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as jon valor .
john buscema has won the eisner award .
the nationality is the americans national at the four assembly .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
the nationality of the united states is the united states .
the leader of northbrook , illinois is called the owner .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
746 people per square kilometre inhabit arlington , texas .
kasim reed is a leader in atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is a language spoken in california .
the largest city in benton county , oregon is dunwoody , georgia .
united states is the country of origin , which is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the location of the county of madison county which is the location of the county .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
united states is the country of the origin county , which is located in the united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in benton county , texas is round rock .
barack obama is a leader in the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia .
arros negre is from the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from the singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served with sambal .
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes is a dish from the phillippines .
shumai can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of batagor .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
bionico is from the jalisco .
the main ingredient of texas is 1 . sci .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is india ' s leader .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the ethnic group for the philippines is banyumasan people .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is a leader in mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
the novel into battle is called " t s .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of a food .
malays ( ethnic group ) is the ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( known as turk ) is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany , oregon , is part of oregon .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico in united states is the leadertitle .
amarillo , texas , is part of texas , in the united states .
anaheim , california , is part of california .
anaheim , california , is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana , is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is in the georgia of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the atlantic county , new jersey of united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the foods ' s used in is the country .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the total population of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . 6 square kilometres .
auburn , washington , is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of albany , oregon is washington , d . c . .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the capital city is washington , d . c . .
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of united states and is part of united states .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in united states where the english language is spoken .
the leader of united states is called the president . this country is also where the leader is known as the president .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a dish from italy .
arros negre is a dish from valencian community and spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the indonesia and is made of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon explosion includes sweet potato and ( as main ingredients ) .
bacon sandwich , which has gram flour , is also known as bacon sandwich .
bread is an ingredient of bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is a food found in france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states .
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it uses frangipane .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso , a member of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is a food found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
batagor and siomay are both from the south of order .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is from india .
bhajji is a food found in india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana .
binignit includes the sweet potato as a main ingredient , and also includes coconut milk .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is from guadalajara .
a cookie is a dessert .
bakso is a dish from the indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
shumai is a variation of batagor and shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , the airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the arabic is spoken .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above the sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda . the runway length is 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and is 597 . 0 in length .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by operatingorganisation whose headquarters is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero , in brasilia .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is verona , italy .
rolando maran was born in italy and is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is the gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and its ground is in livorno .
christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
acf fiorentina , full name acf fiorentina , has 47290 members . s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is greece .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece league and its ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is azal arena , shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , which has 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , the country of the umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and is preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in hardcover and was written by virginia demarce .
aip advances is abbreviated to aip adv . and has the eissn number of 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice , isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , has 672 pages .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way is available in print and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way , isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , has 292 pages .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who publish the a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print form .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is published in print , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science + business media , founded by julius springer publishes the springer science + business media publishes abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
american journal of mathematics , or am . j . math . for the discipline , is mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , karnatka . its nickname is uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated to visvesvaraya technological university , belgaum .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is located in the city of bangalore .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is in kerala state where the leader is kochi .
peter laird , the creator of the comic character , bolt , is peter laird , who is a united states national .
bananaman was first aired on the bbc july 1907 and starred jill shilling .
bananaman is broadcast by stv which was first in yearofconstruction .
tim brooke - taylor , who starred in bananaman , was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the character baymax , whose alternative name is " baymax " .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
marv wolfman created the comic character balder and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski and was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , retired , was born on 20 january 1930 and is now retired .
alan shepard is a retired fighter pilot , who is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on november 18th 1923 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders has died in 1963 .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square , united states , has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , chicago , has 60 floors .
george winkler is a architect of 320 south boston building in the united states .
3arena is located in east link bridge and was designed by the architect hok sve .
3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the architect populous ( company ) .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall has an tudor revival architecture style architecture .
adisham hall has an tudor revival architecture style architecture .
akita museum of art is in japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin is a us national who is led by joe biden .
buzz aldrin was american nasa to work for nasa 1963 in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was a student at university of texas at austin , and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see was a student of university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the affiliations - 15 , and died in st . louis .
elliot see has died in st louis on 28 february , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , the state of america . he spent 13017 in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in hardcover and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for new york city , headquartered in new york city .
the aids journal ( issn : 0269 - 9370 ) is hiv / aids . it ' s issn number is 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal ( issn : 1473 - 5571 ) is hiv / aids . it ' s issn number is 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who graduated from stanford university and is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press . the book is written in english .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is 388 pages long and published in print & paperback .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number of 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number of 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell who publish the journal addiction . the issn number of the journal is 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in the state of new york , is affiliated with association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir is written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a hardcover book with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a glastonbury romance was written by shirley , derbyshire native john cowper powys and was born in shirley , derbyshire .
the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 and the founder of the university is abbreviation , the issn number of 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and is also where 1634 the ram rebellion comes from .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and is also where the native americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg , he played for sv germania schoneiche . he is currently in sv germania schoneiche and manages the az alkmaair .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and manages a . c . cesena .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa and it has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez is at colwyn bay fc and is affiliated with tranmere rovers fc . he plays for el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool , full name association football club blackpool , is " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is at colwyn bay fc and is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde . he is also attached to chesterfield football club and was at stockport county fc .
a . s . livorno calcio , full name livorno calcio s . p . a . , is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " and has 19238 members .
aek athens fc compete in the serie b where the champions are carpi f . c . 1909 .
christian panucci has been the manager of ac lumezzane who are in real madrid c . f . , and manages a . s . livorno calcio .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is in greece , the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in greece .
gus poyet , who is part of the chelsea f . c . club , manages the aek athens f . c . and has represented the club chelsea f . c . .
amsterdam is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which is lead by eberhard van der laan and where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
amsterdam is where afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located and where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
john van den brom , who played football for istanbulspor a . s . , has managed ac chievo verona and is in the istanbulspor a . s . club .
a . c . cesana play in campeonato brasileiro serie c , brazil .
luciano spalletti has been associated with empoli f . c . and was previously for empoli f . c . . he is also attached to the club empoli f . c . and has been the manager of a c .
massimo drago , who played for a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . s . roma . he has been associated with the a . s . d . licata 1931 , massimo drago .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and manages a . c . cesena . he is also attached to the club a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago has been associated with s . s . chieti calcio and was at the s . s . chieti calcio club and manages a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row , designed by architect john madin , was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g . jackson is the leader .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
3arena , north wall quay , was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the marriott international hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark , is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , with 23 floors , is owned by 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and is the architect of adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale , has the tudor revival architectural style and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , sri lanka , has the tudor revival architectural style and was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in the sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its mason school of business is the current tenant .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , are located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , are located in new york city . they were added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
john madin is the architect of 103 colmore row which is located in the city of baku , which is lead by conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome and the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , which has a local name of anandiben patel and its leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is a tenant of the ac hotel in bethesda , maryland .
the united states is the country of the origin of akita , a country that has many different ethnic groups , .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the inhabitants per square kilometre .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is the location of the university .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the university .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group .
anaheim , california has an area code of 657 , 714 . 6 square kilometres is anaheim , california .
the california and the leader in california is the city of atlantic city international airport .
anderson , indiana , is part of indiana , in the united states .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the writtenwork .
san francisco bay area is part of the town of hays county in california . the area of the county is " t s . one of the was _ a _ crew _ member _ of los angeles used is " t charlie the san francisco bay area .
the leader of tarrant county , texas is the united states where astronaut is located .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group .
atlanta has an area code of 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , in the united states .
the largest city in united states is new york city and the country is home to the university .
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , in the united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country is home to the sportsteam .
the capital of washington ( state ) is washington state . c .
the capital of georgia is the nationality and it was born in the county of oregon .
the largest city in madison county , indiana , located in the united states , is the location of the university .
the capital city of atlantic city , new jersey is springfield county , the united states .
the largest city in texas is houston . they are the largest city in texas .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country ' s main ingredient is used .
food is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of fountain county , indiana is springfield .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is the language of the united states .
the united states is home to the asian americans people and the home of the ethnic group of asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon and is the location of the building .
barack obama is the leader of the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the asian americans .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway name of 10r / 28l with a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , and also saranac lake ( of lake placid ) .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is operated by united states air force .
the united states air force , which has a transport aircraft called the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle , is a fighter aircraft .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport is operated by the port authority of jinnah international airport and the airport civil aviation authority .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in the united states .
andrews county airport is located 973 . 0 metres above sea level in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located 973 . 0 metres above sea level in texas and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the english language is spoken .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in texas , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
the atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , also in four world trade center , and operates the atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the country ' s leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known in azerbaijan and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
azerbaijan ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , italy . the country has fried chicken in it .
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and the ingredients include ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is a dish from rome , italy . the country has fried chicken in it .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is a dish from rome .
asam pedas is a dish from malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and arifin zakaria is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
blt is a variation of bacon sandwich and blt . the blt is a variation of club sandwich .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where john roberts is the leader and washington , d . c . is the capital .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and one of the ingredients is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that contains raisins and is found in the same name of the cookie .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be found in derbyshire dales , but it is served at the dessert course and its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding is a variation of derbyshire dales and the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso is from indonesia and it contains noodles .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the country has fried chicken in it .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is manuel valls and it ' s leaders are the manuel valls .
batchoy is a dish of philippines that contains the bacon and sausage .
batchoy is a dish of philippines that contains the bacon and sausage .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia . it is available nationwide in indonesia and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , indonesia . the country has fried chicken in it .
beef kway teow , which contains olive oil , is a dish from singapore .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the currency is the indian rupee and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
binignit has the ingredients : hogao , almonds , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
bionico , which contains olive oil , is a mexican dessert from mexico .
bionico is a traditional dish from guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where rome is the capital and pietro grasso is a leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from the singapore , where tony tan is the leader and english language is spoken .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and is a member of the solanales order .
the awh engineering college in kerala india has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , kerala , state of which is northwest of mahe , and has to its northwest .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania and its anthem is de s teapt a - te , rom a ne !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark .
the comic character , blockbuster , was created by albert uderzo and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on the 3rd of october 1983 and starred tim brooke - taylor .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
the film big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , has a character called baymax .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter .
the comic book character blockbuster ( also known as mark desmond ) , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row was built in 1973 and 1976 in birmingham . it has 23 floors and was built in 1973 .
the capital of south africa is cape town and the coloured are an ethnic group in south africa . the country has the capital of cape town , and the ethnic group of the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
the 200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , with a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , is located in avenue a , manhattan . the building was a building at the building of january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . 300 north lasalle is located in illinois .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster , and has a local leader of county limerick .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the filipinos and the people in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan . the country of japan is the location of the akita museum .
alan b . miller hall , located on 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed in 1 june 2009 and has been as its college of william and mary .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on " 1987 - 02 - 27 " with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and were constructed in 1904 . the reference number is 80002709 in the national register of historic places and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance , jr . .
the leader of manhattan is gale brewer , new york city , united states . the asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where sumitra mahajan is the leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders of india .
the akita prefecture is located in akita prefecture in japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of akita prefecture .
the leader of the united kingdom is called the parliament of the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the london and the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the country ' s leader is known as the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is in the united states .
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the country is the location of the university .
the capital of baku is azerbaijan . the monument is in the baku and its legislative is in baku . the memorial is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . in baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and was established on 11 july 1907 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by ahmet davutoglu , the capital city is ankara .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is led by the president of turkey .
the country of the united states is home to the ethnic groups which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) and the origin of the country are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 505 , 575 . 0 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . the airport is situated in the united states .
the united states is home to the african americans and the capital city in washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of potter county , texas .
the state of texas is located in the united states , and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry . the book , which is in the state of texas , is located within the state of texas .
anaheim , california is part of california and is part of the california .
anderson , indiana is part of the u . s . navy and has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the total area of the city is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california has area , codes , 678 , and 470 . 9 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , and a total area of atlantic city , new jersey . 81 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is home to the ethnic group of african americans .
united states is the country capital city , is part of the county washington , washington , and is the location of auburn , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . the state is the capital of united states and is part of the state of king county , washington .
austin texas is part of the state of texas ( county of texas ) . the largest city in austin is austin .
the city of anaheim , california , which has the location of the building , is located at the california , and is the location of the building .
alpharetta , georgia is in the fulton county , georgia state in united states .
indiana , with an ethnic group of koreans , is the location of atlantic county , in indiana , united states .
the largest city in united states is houston , the largest city in texas is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington dc .
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the university .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is the president . the leader of the country is the president .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico senate and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
the capital city of albany , oregon , is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is known as the president .
the united states is the country of the origin of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is also where the dish comes from .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
jens hartel has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the fsv zwickau club . he is currently part of the club 1 . fc union berlin and plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and is in the carrarese calcio club . he previously played for carrarese calcio and now plays for fc admira wacker modling .
michele marcolini was born in italy and is in the a . c . chievo verona club . he manages a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , is located in the a epsth 2nd group league and has a ground of 1500 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader in blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has played for stockport county f . c . .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has played for stockport county f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde , full name association football club fylde , is " association football club fylde " they have 3180 members and their ground is located in warton , fylde , lancashire .
a . f . c . fylde , full name association football club fylde , is " association football club fylde " . they played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for inter milan . he is also attached to chesterfield football club .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . it is owned by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax nv .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and is part of the club netherlands national football team club . he is also attached to the club netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champions of which are vila nova futebol clube . the champions of the league in alagoas are vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
peter stoger has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is affiliated with the fk austria wien club . he is also of the fc admira wacker modling used to the club fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway is named 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . it ' s icao location identifier is agr and viag is the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , and the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . the lockheed ac - 130 can be found on the usaf aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , which serves the city of andrews , texas , is located in texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , angola . luanda is served by the appleton international airport .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , which has its headquarters at the four world and their hub airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the leader of united states is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of united states is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of the country where the kurdish languages is spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which is a member of the commelinids order , and is in the order of commelinids .
the bbc , headquartered in broadcasting house , is located in broadcasting house and broadcast the bananaman .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , starred in bananaman , was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau , who starred in the american .
the comic character , bolt , has the alternative name , larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and the comic book writer roger mckenzie who is a us national .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , isbn 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . . it has 512 pages .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and an isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states and is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars , isbn 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 , was written by diane duane . it has 560 pages .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) has the issn number 0236 - 5294 , lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is based in new york . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 233 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is located in the united states . the us is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and they speak english , also spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the english language is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the english language is spoken . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is from the united states . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong which has chris patten as a representative . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a member of apollo 11 ' s crew and has now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 on 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal in the u . s . navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and died in st . louis . he was a student at university of texas at austin .
william anders was a test pilot who joined nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on the nasa - operated apollo 8 mission .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university based in the city of belgaum in india . it has the visvesvaraya technological university based .
the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of tennis ( which has the governing body ) as one of the sports offered . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , alba county , romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is home to the ethnic group , the germans of romania and has the ethnic group of germans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio and contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and rome is the capital .
arros negre is a dish from catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain and it ' s ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia and spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak are an ethnic group from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , it ' s home of the malaysian chinese and malay chinese .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom , it contains tomato . blt is a variation of a club and shumai .
the bacon sandwich , popular in the uk , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which is a dish from the derbyshire dales of derbyshire dales , country .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . it also contains noodles .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in paisa region and colombian cuisine . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is francois hollande and french language is spoken .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai .
batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dessert that contains the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it is served as a main course .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , it contains noodles . it is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region in india .
bhajji is a dish commonly found in karnataka . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish commonly found in philippines . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico and jalisco .
bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , a country where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and one of the ingredients is tapioca .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . the baduy are an ethnic group of java and the country ' s leader is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is also where the dish batchoy is .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines , where the language spoken is arabic and igorot people are a ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii and was preceded by the grantville gazette . it was followed by ring of fire ii and grantville gazette ii .
cornell university , in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the english language is spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press . the english language is spoken in both the us and great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press , the united states where the language is english , which is also spoken in great britain .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of native americans and where the capital city is washington dc . the country is also where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
aenir was preceded by the novel castle and followed by the violet keystone .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
1634 : the ram rebellion is preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and comes from united states where barack obama is the president and president washington dc is the capital .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the population are known as americans and the capital is washington d . c . americans inhabit the u . s . , where barack obama is the leader .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where the leader is known as the president and is also spoken there . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the leader of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in united states is called the president . the country is also the location of the university which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is the location of the united states . the largest city in the country of the country is atlanta . in the united states is the location of the university .
the capital of texas is washington , d . c . , in the state of texas which is the location of the dishvariation .
potter county , texas , in the state of texas , is the location of building .
the english language is spoken in texas state in the united states . the state is home to the state of potter county , texas which is the location of the state of georgia .
akron township , madison county , indiana , is a total area of madison county . indiana is one of the ethnic groups in the country .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area . it is a part of the us navy and one of the big is the has _ to _ its _ west .
atlanta is in dekalb county , georgia , where the area code is atlanta . the area is 404 to the ottoman f . c .
attica , indiana is a part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . 1 . 1 county , ca is located at attica , indiana , united states . 1 square kilometres county attica , indiana .
the capital of the us is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is the location of the state of alabama . the country is lead by the university .
auburn , washington , is part of the u . s . georgia , georgia , in the united states . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
the largest city in texas is round rock , texas . the largest city in austin is round rock , texas . the county used in texas has the same name of turk .
austin is the largest city in texas . the largest city in texas is austin .
austin is the largest city in texas , in texas . he is a language spoken in texas .
the capital city of indiana is springfield , indiana , and is the location of the writtenwork .
the largest city in texas is houston , which is the location of the texas . the city of atlantic county is the location of the texas , in the country .
texas is the capital of texas and is the location of the texas .
the capital city of united states is new york city and the country ' s capital is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of the new jersey .
the people of united states are an ethnic group from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of linn county , oregon .
the people of united states are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the origin of the country of united states which is home to the americans .
the people are known as americans in the united states , where the population is known as americans . the english language is the language of the united states and the country is home to the americans .
the united states is the country of the origin of the country which has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the location of the ottoman army killed in the state of washington .
alabama is the home of the ethnic groups of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the united states is the location of the origin of akita , a traditional new jersey , where the native americans are an ethnic group .
barack obama is the leader of united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university which is part of new mexico .
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of the united states . the country is the location of the origin of the phillippines and a population of people are called americans .
the leader of united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington , d . c . . food is a traditional dish from united states and is also home to the native americans .
the leader of united states is called the president and the leader of the country is known as the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , seminary ridge , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as a contributing property , and is found in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is located to the south of cumberland county and east of franklin county . carroll county maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county to the southwest of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan ' s capital , baku . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the capital city . prime minister artur rasizade is the current leader of the country .
the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade with its legislature in the national assembly . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , who is the president of turkey .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , country to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , the campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark and is affiliated to the european university association in brussels . denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala state , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges is a river in india . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . a leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
aarhus is led by the magistrate government it has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its headquarters is mols . aarhus is affiliated to the european university association .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini is the manager of the a . c . lumezzane . it is also known as a member of the italy club , who have their ground in italy where the leader is pietro grasso .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who have their ground in blackpool where labour party ( uk ) is a leader . the city is the location of the club blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d which has s . s . robur siena as its leader and italy is lead by sergio mattarella .
gus poyet has been the manager of a c cesena , he played for chelsea f . c . . he is also the manager of aek athens f . c . .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of the city .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians , its capital is rome and its leader is sergio mattarella . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia , but it ' s specific to java . the dish is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula and malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . malaysian malay are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas is a dish from malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a political leader and malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the malaysian indian are from the country of malaysia .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states and includes the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the blt is a variation of a blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , where french language is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it includes lemon ( part of the order of rosids ) .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is francois hollande and french language is the language spoken .
batagor is a dish from the indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . shumai is a variation of siomay and batagor .
batagor is a variation of siomay and siomay , and the peanut sauce ( which is a variation of shumai ) .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay is a variation of batagor and siomay .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , comes from india and is a dish from karnataka . its main ingredients include gram flour and olive oil are also used .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is vajubhai vala and the people are known as indian people .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the main ingredients pork rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . enrique pena nieto is leader in mexico where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the country ' s main course .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and spaniards are the ethnic group of spaniards .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . italy ' s capital is rome and its leaders are laura boldrini and pietro grasso and italian language are the language spoken .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . laura boldrini is a leader of the country and the capital city is rome .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from italy whose capital is rome and where the language is italian . the leader of the country is matteo renzi and the capital is rome .
ayam penyet is a dish from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore , java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and javanese people are one of the ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and chinese filipino are one ethnic group .
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group in the spain .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where felipe vi is the leader . the leader of the country is felipe vi of spain and the demonym for people living in spain is spaniards .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is a united states test pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong , united states . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 crew . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew , which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a united states national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20 , 1930 in the comics of january 1930 . buzz aldrin was an apollo 11 backup pilot . william anders was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
alan shepard , a senator in california , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was a member of apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy which is an award higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , a united states test pilot , was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . it ' s runway length is 4100 . 0 and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway called 14l / 32r and is 4100 . 0 in length .
agra airport , in india , is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa . the airport has the runway name 08 / 26 and the runway length is 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase , located in al anbar province , iraq , is operated by the united states air force . its icao location identifier is oraa , the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya , has an attack aircraft , including the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii , and a transport aircraft .
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
alderney airport serves alderney and is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made from poaceae which has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport , which serves the city of alpena , michigan , is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 metres .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan , is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05l / 23r which is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is nikos voutsis and greek language is spoken .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos and greek language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , atlantic city , led by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake . it is part of harrietstown , new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , united states .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of the indian air force .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , and operated by the indian air force . ram naik is a leader in uttar pradesh .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , where the arabic is spoken .
200 public square , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york . it was built in january , 2014 and has a architecture style of architecture . 66 square metres of the building which has the architectural style of architecture .
the capital of chicago is springfield , illinois , chicago , united states ( capital city of which is springfield , illinois ) . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
marriott international ( founded in washington , d . c . ) is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark and one of the languages spoken in denmark is german .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the current leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
augustus pugin was the architect of the architect who designed adare manor , augustus pugin who also designed adare manor .
addis ababa city hall , which was built in 1961 and was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
akita museum of art , located in akita prefecture , japan , has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the filipinos .
the mason school of business is the current tenant of the alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the mason school of business are the current tenants of the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of india is called the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is called sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is in the region of ampara district , in the eastern province of sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds . the asilomar state beach has also designed the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect behind designed by julia morgan , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan . manhattan is the location of manhattan and new netherland , and cyrus vance , jr . are new netherland .
john madin , the architect who was born in birmingham , designed the 103 colmore row . it was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
barack obama is a leader in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has the capital of washington dc .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , which has a contributing property categorization , is found in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is bounded by franklin county to the west ; cumberland county to the north and frederick county to the southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader . the city is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the native name for the memorial which is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . 0 minutes .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he went to many crew apollo 14 , nasa and died in california .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 and david scott was the commander .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 , and selected by nasa the same year . he was a fighter pilot and a member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated . he went at an ms in an american crew member of william anders , which was a nasa operated by nasa . william anders was a crew member on the apollo 11 mission , operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge in new jersey and was a member of the apollo 11 crew . william anders was an apollo 11 backup pilot . william anders was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard has died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and you can find the gemstone beintoite . he served both the gemstone of the us and it is a higher of the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a us national who was a member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders , buzz aldrin , and commander all worked for nasa , and they were all members of the apollo 8 team , which is operated by nasa . william , who was born in british hong kong , has been the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 , which was commanded by frank borman . buzz aldrin was a crew member of the apollo 8 mission operated by nasa .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india , 560090 . its institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . the school ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the school is in bangalore .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . the school is affiliated with the european university association in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in india was created in 2001 and is led by the ganges . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is mumbai .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the country of romania , the capital of which is bucharest . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country has the 1 decembrie 1918 university as an ethnic group of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the currency used in turkey is the turkish lira .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by the president of turkey , ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader ' s title is the president of turkey .
the atat u rk monument in i zmir was designed by designer and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it can be found in turkey , where the capital is ankara , although istanbul is the largest , and the leader is president of turkey .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is located in the state of karnataka . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the motto of the institute is " nurturing excellence " and the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 .
the state of karnataka is positioned with telangana to it ' s northeast and the arabian sea to the west . the state is home to the acharya institute of technology , which is located in the state of karnataka which has to its northeast telangana and the arabian sea to the west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is known as the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated to the european university association . its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . the name of the school is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on the 15th march 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . degree , he was a test pilot , who was on the crew of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 / he served as a test pilot , and was hired by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he was a member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 , and alfred worden was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin , also called edwin e . aldrin jr , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and member of the apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin , a united states national , was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a scd in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he has won 20 awards .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he joined nasa in 1963 and was selected to work for nasa in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he is a us national and was part of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
william anders is a us national , who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong , united states . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 8 and frank borman was a crew member of the apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot buzz aldrin .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 and after joing nasa in 1963 as part of the apollo 8 crew , he retired on september 1st 1969 . .
the purple heart is the purple heart of the university .
the assembly of meanoftransportation is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of meanoftransportation .
stellendam , netherlands is the birthplace of building .
abdul rahman ya ' kub was in office while the vice presdident was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud ' s successor is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
minna is the birthplace of building .
niger state is the birthplace of building .
abner w . sibal will be active till 1965 - 01 - 03 .
building is located in alexandria , virginia .
kent is the birthplace of building .
adam holloway is a resident of residence .
the alma mater of university of adelaide is university of adelaide .
the birth place of airport is called " in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis was in antonis samaras office while he was prime minister .
adonis georgiadis worked at deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of building .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the birthplace of marietta , ohio .
the airey neave will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
the military cross is the military cross of the university .
knightsbridge , london is the birthplace of building .
the military rank of airey neave is lieutenant colonel .
airey neave started his service from 1935 .
albert b . white is a member of republican party ( united states ) .
the meanoftransportation is manufacted by manufacturer with the function of function . the meanoftransportation launches from launchsite .
albert jennings fountain controls the military branch of union army .
the nationality of the argentina is argentina .
the profession of alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
building is located in austria .
the alfred moore scales was active since 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales foughy in the battle of chancellorsville
darien , connecticut is the birthplace of building .
alfred n . phillips worked at mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the allan shivers will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
allan shivers controls the military branch of united states army .
allan shivers ' s successor is price daniel .
the alvah sabin will be active from the activeyearsstartdate .
alvah sabin is a member of whig party ( united states ) .
the commander of the robert e . lee was robert e . lee at the commander .
austrian german is spoken in indiana .
robert e . lee commanded battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of american civil war .
the leader of the community of madrid is gabriela michetti .
the commander of writtenwork was colin powell .
dwight d . eisenhower is a predecessor of john f . kennedy .
the alma mater of university of vienna is university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain ' s predecessor is predecessor
juan peron is a member os labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of turkey is mark rutte .
the united states air force was involved in the spanish - american war .
the birth place of bloomington , maryland is the birthplace of william and mary .
dodge coronet is also known as the " dodge coronet " .
the engine of 1955 dodge is 230 ( cubic inches ) .
the a - rosa luna ' s christening date is 2005 - 04 - 07 .
the main ingredient of astronaut is rostock .
the aida cruises operated of aida cruises is the has _ to _ its _ west .
the aidastella ' s christening date is 2013 - 03 - 16 .
food was completed in 2013 - 03 - 11 .
the maidenvoyage of aidastella is 2013 - 03 - 17 .
the aida cruises operated of aida cruises is the has _ to _ its _ west .
the alv x - 1 launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
american motors matador is also known as the " american motors matador " .
the status of ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight - four engine .
the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of acura tlx .
tthe transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
tthe transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra was builed by builder
the beam of ship alhambra was 8 . 3 m wide .
alhambra is now wrecked .
the top speed of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
the engine of alvis speed 25 is straight - six engine .
the model start year of alvis speed 25 is 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 ' s ship draft is 4 . 6 m .
the finalflight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of the kerala .
the ariane 5 launches from guiana space centre .
the madien flight of ariane 5 is 2005 - 08 - 11 .
aston martin v8 is an automobile with a body style of convertible .
the manufacturer of aston martin v8 is aston martin .
aston martin ' s virage manufacturer is aston martin .
the finalflight of atlas ii is 1998 - 03 - 16 .
the atlas ii launches from vandenberg air force base .
the bbc was founded by august horch .
the assembly of audi a1 is assemble .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of audi a1 .
the location of the 11th mississippi is author is peoria , illinois .
airport is located in genoa .
desoto custom is a related mean of chrysler newport .
fiat croma is a related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
germans are from germans .
the leader of turkey is norbert lammert .
the leader of turkey is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone is founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of the republic of kourou , french guiana are the port .
honda k is the engine manufacturer of honda .
the united states air force ' s anthem is de s teapt a - te , rom a ne .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united states .
a . s . roma is silvio berlusconi .
canada is the birthplace of canada .
rolando maran plays for sv werder bremen .
rolando maran plays for uruguay olympic football team .
rolando maran plays for uruguay national football team .
brazil is the birthplace of brazil .
diemen is the birthplace of diemen .
netherlands is the birthplace of netherlands .
rolando maran plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
rolando maran plays for psv eindhoven .
rolando maran plays for iraq national football team .
point fortin is the birthplace of point fortin .
akeem dent used to play for atlanta falcons .
rolando maran plays for connecticut huskies .
the 2nd runway at the evil in madrid is called " football " .
basim qasim ' s council is the manager of the university .
al kharaitiyat sc played qatar stars league .
baghdad is the birthplace of baghdad .
rolando maran plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
rolando maran plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
rolando maran plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
1995 - 09 - 02 was an 18th on 23rd .
rolando maran plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was 1 . 905 meters tall .
national hockey league is in the national hockey league .
1989 - 02 - 24 was an 18th on 23rd .
rolando maran plays for fc amkar perm .
batumi is the birthplace of batumi .
rolando maran plays for fc samtredia .
rolando maran plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
rolando maran plays for a . s . roma .
athelete was in the a . s . roma youth club .
manitoba is the birthplace of manitoba .
turkish basketball super league is in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is located in atlanta , and has a crew member of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
hungary is the country of the country .
english language is the language of the philippines .
slavey language is the language of the philippines .
building is in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny has been the manager of 1 , pork belly , he later became a manager of the dessert .
valery petrakov has been the manager of a c cesena .
one of the ethnic groups in the country is the location of the university .
finnish language is the language of the finnish language .
the coach of italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . .
the ground of as roma is fir park .
the owner of the monument is jean - michel aulas .
the leader of st . louis is leadername .
airport is in nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was not active after activeyearendyear .
aaron deer was associated with the horns of happiness .
aaron deer was contracted with kill rock stars .
aaron turner belongs to the genre avant - garde metal .
aaron turner belongs to the genre progressive metal .
abradab started as a solo singer .
1978 - 11 - 12 is in the 15th of march .
poland is the birthplace of poland .
abradab belongs to the genre hip hop music .
agustin barboza belongs to the genre guarania ( music ) .
istanbul , turkey is the birthplace of istanbul , turkey .
alan frew belongs to the genre rock music .
albennie jones was associated with sammy price .
aleksandra kovac started as a solo singer .
yugoslavia is the birthplace of yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre soul music .
alex day belongs to the genre synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa was associated with hector numa moraes .
montevideo is the birthplace of montevideo .
the gemstone died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa was contracted with rca records .
alison o ' donnell was not active after activeyearendyear .
alison o ' donnell belongs to the genre jazz .
alison o ' donnell played voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
1981 - 02 - 04 is in the 15th of march .
allen forrest belongs to the genre pop music .
the main ingredient of astronaut is chicago .
anders osborne was associated with johnny sansone .
anders osborne belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
anders osborne was contracted with alligator records .
andra ( singer ) belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was not active after activeyearendyear .
andrew rayel was associated with christian burns .
chisinau , moldova is the birthplace of chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with marry banilow .
andrew white ( musician ) was contracted with b - unique records .
gran asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
the instrument christian burns plays is guitar .
hip hot music ' s subgenre is gangsta rap .
the stylistic of hip hop origins from funk .
the stylistic of indie rock origins from new wave music .
greater manchester is part of greater manchester .
the location of the dish ' s used is : " desteapta " .
rca records is distributed by sony music entertainment .
the stylistic of rock and roll origins from blues .
the stylistic of synthpop origins from pop music .
the united kingdom is populated by the democratic party .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
carl a . wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
the absolute magnitude of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the birth date is called the 1923 oaa907 xc .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 101 helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the mass of 101 helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the absolute magnitude of 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
the mass of 103 hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
a . storrs discovered 107 camilla .
the birth date is called the a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the epoch of 110 lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the alma mater of the university of michigan is university of michigan .
a . s . roma is in nottingham .
the number of the astronaut groups in the battle of fredericksburg is the department .
the purple heart region of the comics was commander by the purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud ' s successor is abdul rahman ya ' kub , who has deputed stephen yong kuet tze .
the main ingredient of amatriciana at the madrid is banana .
the alma mater of the technical institute , kaduna is technical institute , kaduna .
airport is in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar , who is the successor of al - amin daggash , born on birthdate , and he worked at chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo , and he will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . mike akhigbe ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo .
the apollo 12 is in london .
abner w . sibal battels korean war . abner w . sibal controls the military branch of united states army .
the alma mater of the magdalene college , cambridge is magdalene college , cambridge .
kent was born in kent .
the virtuti militari region of the comics was commander by the virtuti militari .
the leader of athens is athens .
the leader of athens is called the athens .
the leader of greece is greece .
the leader of hessisch oldendorf is hessisch oldendorf .
the military cross of the military cross , are the church of location .
the airey neave who batteles the battle of france will be active from 1974 - 03 - 04 .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the birth place of airport is knightsbridge .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the leader of january 1930 is called the owner .
the birth date of the kingdom kingdom of 1927 is patronsaint .
the main ingredient of food is the indian dish .
building is located in new mexico territory .
the main ingredient of amatriciana at the madrid is banana .
alberto teisaire , who is the successor of isaac rojas , worked at provisional president of the argentine senate .
the birth place of airport is austria - hungary .
building is in austria , .
alfred moore scales , who is the successor of james w . reid ( politician ) , born on birthdate , and he worked at governor of north carolina .
the alma mater of princeton university is princeton university .
the leader of connecticut is connecticut .
alfred n . phillips battels american civil war . alfred n . phillips controls the military branch of united states army .
the apollo 12 is in london .
the leader of lufkin , texas is lufkin , texas .
allan shivers , who is the successor of ben ramsey , worked at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin born on 1793 - 10 - 23 , and he worked at secretary of state of vermont .
the currency of netherlands is the euro .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
the alan shephard died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
the leader of saskatchewan is called the peoples city .
jorge orosman da silva has been manager of a c cesena .
rolando maran plays for penarol .
jens hartel plays for az alkmaar .
rolando maran plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
rolando maran plays for al shorta sc .
thomas doll has been manager of a c cesena .
jens hartel plays for t & tec sports club .
athelet used to play for new england patriots and was the number 39 draft pick .
athelet used to play for tennessee titans and was the number 39 draft pick .
akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 in 1987 .
paulo sousa plays for sheikh russel kc .
rolando maran plays for sheikh russel kc .
paulo sousa plays for al - khor sports club .
amar osim has been manager of a c cesena .
rolando maran plays for leeds united f . c . .
paulo sousa plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
jens hartel plays for florida panthers .
the leader of tampere , finland is called the peoples city .
valery petrakov has been manager of a c cesena .
rolando maran plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
rolando maran plays for fc tom tomsk .
rolando maran plays for fc dinamo batumi .
the birth place of manitoba is called desteapta - te .
jens hartel plays for pallacanestro cantu .
jens hartel plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
brandon , manitoba is the birthplace of brandon , manitoba ' s birthplace of brandon , manitoba .
the o canada was born in canada , the anthem of canada is the o canada .
the english language is spoken in canada .
jens hartel plays for fc dinamo batumi .
the olympic stadium for fc spartak moscow is the otkrytiye arena club .
rolando maran plays for rops .
the olympic stadium for united petrotrin f . c . is the palo seco velodrome club .
aaron deer belongs to the genre psychedelia and played guitar .
aaron deer was from indiana united states .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) , and he belongs to genre electroacoustic music .
aaron turner played singing and belongs to the genre avant - garde metal .
: arartist was associated with magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 .
katowice born on the 23rd of july 1927 , is katowice .
poland is the birthplace of a county in poland .
ace wilder belongs to the genre hip hop music , which originated from disco .
ace wilder was contracted with warner music group and started as a solo singer .
the birth place of graeme is paraguay , .
alan frew belongs to the genre rock music , which is a fusion genre of bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew belongs to the genre rock music , which originated from country music .
albennie jones belongs to the genre jazz , which originated from blues .
arist , who started as a solo singer , belongs to the genre pop music .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre soul music and was active since 1990 .
alex day belongs to the genre synthpop , which originated from new wave music .
the leader of england is the country ' s main ingredient .
alfredo zitarrosa started as a solo singer and he belongs to grenre .
alfredo zitarrosa started as a solo singer and he belongs to grenre .
the leader of the uruguay is the leadername .
the birth place of montevideo is the birthplace of commerce gold medal .
arist , who started as a solo singer , belongs to the genre zamba ( artform ) .
alison o ' donnell was associated with plastik mak and bajik .
alison o ' donnell belongs to the genre folk rock and was contracted with floating world records .
alison o ' donnell belongs to the genre jazz and played voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
arist , who started as a solo singer , belongs to the genre hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) ' s genre is alternative rock , whose subgenres include christian alternative rock .
anders osborne was associated with phil lesh and friends and tab benoit .
anders osborne belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was contracted with rabadash records .
anders osborne belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was contracted with shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) belongs to the genre pop music and was active since 2000 .
andra ( singer ) belongs to the genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues .
andrew rayel was associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel was associated with jonathan mendelsohn and mark sixma .
andrew rayel was associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
andrew white ( musician ) belongs to the genre alternative rock , which originated from new wave music .
the genre of the al anderson ( nrbq band ) is country music of playing banjo .
the location of the dish of london is author .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , of which the apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) and the minimum temperature of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the periapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 88234300000 . 0 and the disvoverer of it is spacewatch .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 , of which the escapevelocity is 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the epoch of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , of which the orbital period is 16244700 . 0 , is 2004 - 07 - 14 .
the epoch of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 2004 - 07 - 14 while the rotation period of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 9953 . 28 .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 101 helena .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) and the apoapsis of 1036 ganymed is 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the birth place of bangalore is called the " conference " .
the nationality of the germany is the germany .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
the nationality of the canada is the canada .
the birth place of bangalore is called the " conference " .
1089 tama , with a former name of a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , has an epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama ' s temperature is 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) . 1089 tama ' s apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 while the periapsis of 1097 vicia is 279142000000 . 0 .
the apoapsis of 109 felicitas is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and the temperature of 109 felicitas is 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the epoch of 109 felicitas is 2006 - 12 - 31 while the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the rotation period of 109 felicitas is 47487 . 6 and the epoch of it is epoch
the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and the temperature of 10 hygiea is 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the former name of 10 hygiea is a900 ga and the epoch of it is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the mass of 110 lydia , of which the epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 , is 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) .
the epoch of 110 lydia , of which the orbital period is 142603000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the a - rosa luna is a cruise ship class ship . the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the a - rosa luna , whose length is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is ordered by 2004 - 01 - 22 .
the aida cruises operated for aida cruises is the national assembly .
the aida cruises operated for aida cruises is the national assembly .
the topspeed of aidaluna with length of 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) is 40 . 744 .
the aidastella ' s christening date is 2013 - 03 - 16 . the length of the aidastella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is montreal locomotive works on builddate . and the power type of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
the alv x - 1 is at a rocket state of 2 , and the alv x - 1 ' s diameter is 1 . 524 ( metres ) .
the assembly of amc matador is assemble . the model of amc matador is build in modelyears .
the leader of the kingdom of valencia is called the owner .
the country of argentina commonly serves the language .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . saab 9000 is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . fiat croma is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . lncia thema is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
the leader of coventry is called the peoples butty , and it has a website that is called the sportsgoverningbody .
the alvis speed 25 ' s engine is 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) . the transmission of it is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the alvis speed 25 ' s engine is straight - six engine . the transmission of it is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the amc matador is manufacted by american motors , who is the successor of eagle ( automobile ) .
the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 01 - 09 . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
in argentina , the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 launches from ela - 3 . the manufacturer of ariane 5 is airbus defence and space .
the parent company of airbus group is airbus group .
the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 .
the aston martin v8 is manufacted by aston martin , whose succesor is aston martin virage .
the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 . aston martin v8 ' s successor is aston martin virage .
aston martin ' s virage manufacturer is aston martin . the successor of aston martin v8 is aston martin .
the final flight of atlas ii is 1998 - 03 - 16 , and the atlas ii ' s diameter is 3 . 04 m .
atlas ii launches from cape canaveral air force station . the manufacturer of atlas ii is lockheed martin .
the audi a1 is manufacted by audi , who is at division audi e - tron .
the audi a1 is manufacted by audi , whose subsidiary is ducati .
the audi a1 is manufacted by audi , whose subsidiary is quattro gmbh .
the key person for bbc is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii , whose lauchsite is vandenberg air force base .
in the uk leader is juha sipila .
the parent company of general dynamics is general dynamics .
the owner of the kingdom kingdom of business and social sciences is rolls - royce holdings .
the leader of the valencia of representatives is elizabeth ii .
the purple heart of the comics crew of augustus , is the birthplace of astronaut .
the erasmus university rotterdam is an ingredient of netherlands who was born in netherlands .
the main ingredients of food are the local company , john madin .
the location of airport is the has _ to _ its _ west .
writtenwork was born in niger state and attended the technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . he controls the military branch of nigerian air force . olusegun obasanjo is in office while vice president atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . he controls the military branch of nigerian army . olusegun obasanjo is in office while vice president atiku abubakar .
the birth place of galicia ( spain ) is galicia ( spain ) . he also is located in galicia ( spain ) , the state of texas .
the leader of the galicia ( spain ) is the nationality , and the book writtenwork was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abner w . sibal battels world war ii , which are commanded by joseph stalin . abner w . sibal controls the military branch of united states army .
the main ingredient of ridgewood , queens is the birthplace of brandon , which is the location of the as 12 .
adam holloway battels gulf war , which are commanded by george h . w . bush . adam holloway controls the military branch of grenadier guards .
the magdalene college , cambridge is an affiliate of the magdalene college , cambridge .
the apollo 12 war is in congress poland , and it was originally from the polish - soviet war .
adam koc battels polish - soviet war commanded by leon trotsky , which is part of military conflict russian civil war .
the birth place of athens ( comics ) is athens ) .
the birth place of athens ( comics ) is athens ) .
adonis georgiadis was in antonis samaras office while he was prime minister . he is a member of new democracy ( greece ) , whose colour is blue .
mark rutte is the netherlands leader of the netherlands .
mark rutte is a leader from the netherlands . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
the alma mater of airport is radboud university nijmegen .
the airey neave who batteles the world war ii will be active from 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
the airey neave who batteles the world war ii will be active from 1974 - 03 - 04 to 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white who born on 1856 - 09 - 22 dead on 1941 - 07 - 03 in 1941 .
the location of the astronaut office in new jersey is " desteapta " .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the staten island , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of new york city is staten island where the commander is located .
the leader of new york , staten island is called the purple .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the city is located in buenos aires . the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
building is located in graz .
alfred n . phillips ' s successor is albert e . austin . he was born at connecticut . alfred n . phillips has worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
the birth place of augustus pugin is darien , connecticut . it is also home to the university , which is also known as darien , connecticut .
allan shivers , who is the successor of wilfred r . cousins , jr . , born on birthdate , joined the democratic party ( united states ) and worked at member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont .
the leader of the country is henry clay . it is also where the bacon sandwich is also where the location of the club sandwich is the department .
the leader of the uk has the daniel webster as well as the national assembly .
the birth place of united states is the birthplace of william , and was the commander of the abraham lincoln .
alfred moore scales batteles battle of fredericksburg , which are part of military conflict american civil war , whose commander is jefferson davis .
the leader of county of tyrol is doris bures and the home of the building is known as the location of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the leader of tyrol ( state ) is doris bures and the home of the building is known as the location of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the leader of austria is doris bures . the leader of austria is doris bures .
the battle of salem church , which is part of american civil war , was commanded by robert e . lee . aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church .
the nationality of the netherlands is netherlands , and the currency is the euro .
the american kashubians are an ethnic group of the poland where the kashubians are an ethnic group .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , of which the mass is 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , is 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) whille the apoapsis of it is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the orbital period of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 39447000 . 0 and the periapsis of it is 88234300000 . 0 . the discoverer of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is spacewatch .
the minimum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and the maximum temperature of it is 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) . the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the average speed of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) , the density of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) and the apoapsis of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia is 488160 . 0 and the periapsis of it is 352497000000 . 0 . the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1001 gaussia , with a former name of 1923 oaa907 xc , has an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 , of which the periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
the mass of 101 helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) and the escape velocity of it is 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the american university of texas is called the hook ' s mascot . c .
building is located in madison , wisconsin .
the main ingredient of amatriciana is the town of the dish army who are both m .
the epoch of 103 hera , of which the orbital period is 1622 . 213 ( days ) , is 2011 - 08 - 27 and the apoapsis of it is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the escape velocity of 103 hera , of which the temperature is 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) while the apoapsis of it is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the nationality of the england is england national and the country is the creator of writtenwork .
1089 tama , with a former name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) . the epoch of it is 2005 - 11 - 26 .
the epoch of 1089 tama , of which the periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 , is 2005 - 11 - 26 while the apoapsis of it is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , with a former name of 1928 pc , has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , of which the periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 .
the epoch of 109 felicitas , of which the mass is 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) , is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the orbital period of it is 139705000 . 0 .
the epoch of 109 felicitas , of which the orbital period is 139705000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the apoapsis of it is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) , the orbital period of 10 hygiea is 5 . 57 ( days ) and the apoapsis of 10 hygiea .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the surface area of 10 hygiea is 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) and the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the surface area of 10 hygiea is 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) and the apoapsis of it is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) . tthe temperature of 10 hygiea is 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the epoch of 110 lydia , of which the mass is 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the periapsis of it is 377016000000 . 0 .
the epoch of 110 lydia , of which the periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 while the apoapsis of it is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
arartist was associated with kids imagine nation and suburban legends . suburban legends belongs to the genre pop music .
aaron deer , who belongs to the genre indie rock , was from indiana and indiana .
aaron deer was from united states and orgin . he belongs to the genre psychedelia .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) and greymachine . he belongs to the genre black metal .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) and greymachine . he belongs to the genre drone music .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) and mamiffer . he belongs to the genre ambient music .
aaron turner played electric guitar and belongs to the genre black metal , which is a fusion genre of death metal .
aaron turner played singing and belongs to the genre black metal , which is a fusion genre of death metal .
arartist was associated with magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 . he was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
arartist was associated with magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 . hehhe was from katowice .
ace wilder belongs to the genre hip hop music , which originated from funk and disco .
paraguay is the birthplace of paraguay , as well as well of the us .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was associated with nrbq , ahe played singing and his work belongs to genre rock music .
alan frew belongs to the genre rock music , which originated from country music and was a fusion genre of bhangra ( music ) .
albennie jones belongs to the genre jazz , which originated from blues and was a fusion genre of afrobeat .
the book " writtenwork " was established in the space of " t s . " .
aleksandra kovac was associated with bebi dol and k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) . his work belongs to the genre pop music .
aleksandra kovac was associated with bebi dol and kornelije kovac . his work belongs to the genre pop music .
arist belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and kristina kovac .
alex day belongs to the genre synthpop , which originated from pop music and disco .
the birth place of manchester is the birthplace of commerce gold .
the nationality of the united kingdom is the united kingdom . the nationality of the united kingdom is the united kingdom .
a united kingdom national , born in manchester .
manchester is the birthplace of john clancy which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) .
the leader of london - london is boris johnson .
alison o ' donnell , whose work belongs to the genre folk music of ireland , was associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell was associated with mellow candle and flibbertigibbet . he belongs to the genre folk music .
alison o ' donnell played voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp and belongs to the genre jazz , which is a derivative of funk .
alison o ' donnell belongs to the genre jazz , which is a derivative of funk . he was contracted with static caravan recordings .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the department of commerce gold medal .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the birthplace of asilomar .
andrew white ( musician ) plays music in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock origins from new wave music . alternative rock is music fusion genre of nu metal .
anders osborne was associated with billy ius , tab benoit and kirk joseph .
anders osborne was contracted with rabadash records and belongs to the genre rock music , which is a fusion genre of bhangra ( music ) .
andra ( singer ) was associated with plastik puya ( singer ) and crbl . he belongs to the genre dance - pop .
arist belongs to the genre rhythm and blues . he was associated with andreea balan and marius moga .
arist , who started as a solo singer , belongs to the genre rhythm and blues , which was a dderivative oof disco .
andrew rayel , whose work belongs to the genre trance music , was associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel was associated with jonathan mendelsohn and bobina . he belongs to the genre trance music .
andrew rayel , who belongs to the genre house music , was associated with jwaydan moyine , christian burns and christian burns .
arartist was associated with magik ( rapper ) and kaiser chiefs . he was contracted with universal records ( defunct record label ) .
aaron bertram in the suburban legends plays music in the genre of ska punk . ska punk origins from ska .
united states born is one of the ethnic groups of united states .
the alternative name of asam pedas is asam pedas .
the a - rosa luna is a cruise ship class ship . the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) . the ship is ordered by 2004 - 01 - 22 .
the a - rosa luna ' s displacement is 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) . the ship is as long as 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) with a topspeed of 24 . 0 .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere .
on 2013 - 03 - 16 , the aidastella offer 2013 - 03 - 17 with a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 was built by builder . its engine is four - stroke engine . the length of the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 was built by builder . its engine is v12 engine . the length of the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) was built by american locomotive company , whose foundation places at schenectady , new york .
the people from the u . s . a . is called americans .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , where native americans are the ethnic group . and the means of transportation are alv x - 1 .
the alv x - 1 is at a rocket state of 2 , and the alv x - 1 ' s diameter is 1 . 524 ( metres ) . by now , there has been 1 of launches of alv x - 1 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe with a body style of coupe has not been produced since 1958 . the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight - four engine .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ' s wheelbase is 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) . the width of the abarth 1000 gt coupe is 1 . 55 . the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe is two door coupe .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built by arctech helsinki shipyard from helsinki . the ship beam of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 .
the capital of the country is rome and it has a local count of science .
the capital of the country is rome and it has a local count of science .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . fiat croma is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . fiat croma is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the body style of opel vectra is bodystyle .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . fiat croma is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . fiat croma is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the body style of opel vectra is bodystyle .
alhambra was lenth long and was lauched on 1855 - 05 - 31 . the beam of alhambra was 8 . 3 m wide .
alhambra , which is now wrecked , was launched on 1855 - 05 - 31 . the beam of alhambra was 8 . 3 m wide .
the alvis speed 25 is manufacted by alvis car and engineering company , whose foundation places at coventry . the alvis speed 25 ' s engine is petrol .
roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for bbc .
the antares ( rocket ) manufacted by yuzhnoye design office is comparable to delta ii , which origins from united states .
the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) has the function of medium expendable launch system .
the ariane 5 manufacted by arianespace launches from ela - 3 at site guiana space centre .
aston martin dbs is a related mean of aston martin v8 . the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 . the engine of the aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the atlas ii launches from vandenberg air force base origins from united states .
capital is the capital of united states , where native americans are the ethnic group . and the means of transportation are atlas ii .
the atlas ii launches from cape canaveral air force station . the atlas ii origins from united states .
the audi a1 has a body style of hatchback . the engine of audi a1 is 1 . 2 ( litres ) . the assembly of audi a1 is assemble .
the audi a1 manufacted by audi related with seat ibiza . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of audi a1 .
the character comicscharacter was founded in washington by the indian .
the owner of illinois is the aida cruises .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere where astronaut is a traditional sauce .
antares ( rocket ) launch from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii . delta ii origins from united states .
the headquarters of the port of french guiana is in french guiana .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
the location of the 11th community of technology is rostock .
the ethnic group for people of natives are the americans .
rolando maran plays for sv werder bremen .
jens hartel plays for sv werder bremen ii .
as roma plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
paulo sousa plays for penarol .
paulo sousa plays for az alkmaar .
the ground of as roma is located in palo seco . the club was once the crew of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
akeem ayers used to play for los angeles rams . he was the 2 - round number - 39 draftfick .
akeem ayers used to play for st . louis rams . he was the 2 - round number - 39 draftfick .
the leader of the uk is atlanta , georgia ( born on 1987 - 09 - 27 ) .
the birth of madrid - barajas airport is in iraq , and the national football team is the church of the astronaut .
paulo sousa plays for shabab al - ordon club .
paulo sousa plays for clyde f . c . .
michele marcolini plays for accrington stanley f . c . .
the leader of the tampere , finland is known as the ataturk of tampere , finland .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry was medal by the us navy , is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the leader of russia is vladimir putin and it has died in russia .
jens hartel plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
jens hartel plays for fc tom tomsk .
jens hartel plays for azal pfk .
jens hartel plays for us lesquin .
sinisa mihajlovic manages a . s . roma .
sinisa mihajlovic manages a . s . roma .
the leader of italy is called st . c . he is a member of the italy national football team and in the italy .
the birth of fc madin is representative the the city . a . f . and he is attached to the club u . c . sampdoria .
jens hartel plays for anyang halla .
jens hartel plays for anyang halla .
jens hartel plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . .
jens hartel plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . .
jens hartel plays for fc spartak moscow .
the olympic stadium is in the uk where he is a local member of the fc anzhi makhachkala club .
valery petrakov was once the fc torpedo moscow and fc torpedo moscow .
as roma ' s manager is steve bruce . a . f . c . club .
the leader of the uk is sergey sobyanin , who has died in russia .
jens hartel plays for real madrid castilla .
jens hartel plays for c . d . fas .
st . louis is the birthplace of john madin which is the birthplace of writtenwork .
the main ingredient of nashville , tennessee is banana .
jens hartel plays for united petrotrin f . c . . he is in the united petrotrin f . c . club .
jens hartel plays for sv werder bremen ii .
jens hartel plays for hull city a . f . c . .
jens hartel plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
jens hartel plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the church of location .
the footballer for boston bruins is a player in the u . s . a .
athelet , born on 1989 - 07 - 10 in 1989 , started his career playing for tennessee titans and used d to play for st . louis rams .
the birth place of atlanta , georgia on 23rd 1927 is called atlanta , georgia .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry medal ( which is american ) is based in the u . s .
amar osim is the manager of the al kharaitiyat sc club . he is affiliated with the al kharaitiyat sc club and a member of the al kharaitiyat sc .
the olympic stadium ( footballer ) plays for iraq national under - 23 football team .
the olympic stadium ( footballer ) plays for shabab al - ordon club .
paulo sousa plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
jens hartel plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
jens hartel plays for fc dynamo moscow .
jens hartel plays for fc rubin kazan .
jens hartel plays for fc zestafoni .
the birth place of canada is the birthplace of commerce gold aldrin . he plays for anyang halla .
jens hartel plays for anyang halla .
the birth place of canada is the birthplace of william , john madin and the birthplace is the birthplace of the has _ to _ its _ west .
the british party of the british party is the leader of canada , the native party is the elizabeth ii .
the birth place of canada is the o canada and is the birthplace of the national anthem , which is the birthplace of this country .
the olympic stadium for the grozny is a italian national football club and fc kuban krasnodar . he is also a member of the chesterfield fc club and the club fc kuban krasnodar .
valery petrakov played for the fc torpedo moscow club . the club he played the club fc torpedo moscow .
houston is located in houston , and it has a floor of neighboringmunicipality .
peter stoger plays for hull city a . f . c . and is attached to the club hull city a . f . c . .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , of which the orbital period is 8788850000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the periapsis of it is 6155910000000 . 0 while the apoapsis of it is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , of which the orbital period is 360 . 29 ( days ) , is 2013 - 11 - 04 and the escape velocity is 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) while the apoapsis of it is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) wand the apoapsis oof it is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) . the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 and the orbital period of it is 360 . 29 ( days ) .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia , of which the orbital period is 488160 . 0 , is 2015 - 06 - 27 and the periapsis of it is 352497000000 . 0 while the escape velocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
sergey belyavsky discovered 1001 gaussia . the epoch of 1001 gaussia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . tthe former name of 1001 gaussia is 1923 oaa907 xc . the periapsis of 1001 gaussia is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
the university of gottingen is an affiliate of the university of gottingen and one of the sports offered at the university of texas is called " t s . " .
the university of gottingen is an affiliate of the university of texas system and is part of the country of the big 12 conference .
the university of gottingen is an ingredient in the dish of arem - a dish called " t s . a .
the leader of the country is called the country and they were killed in the battle of capital .
the nationality of the canada is the canada and the book astronaut .
the nationality of the canada is the canada and it ' s mascot is the anthem .
the language is spoken in the nottingham and is the location of the comic book character new jersey .
the leader of chennai is leadername .
1089 tama has an epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 , of which the former name is a894 va ; a904 vd ; . the orbiital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) and the periapsis of it is 288749000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1089 tama , of which the orbital period is 1202 . 846 ( days ) , is 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the epoch of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 while the apoapsis of it is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 1097 vicia , of which the mass is 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) , is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the orbital period of it is 135589000 . 0 and the apoapsis of it is 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 109 felicitas , of which the orbital period is 139705000 . 0 , is 2006 - 12 - 31 and the periapsis of it is 283326000000 . 0 while the escape velocity is 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea has an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 , of which the former name is a900 ga . the orbiital period of 10 hygiea is 5 . 57 ( days ) and the periapsis of it is 416136000000 . 0 .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 2006 - 12 - 31 , of which the escapevelocity is 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and the apoapsis of it is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1101 clematis has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , of which the former name is 1928 sj . the orbiital period of 1101 clematis is 183309000 . 0 and the periapsis of it is 445895000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis , of which the orbital period is 183309000 . 0 , is 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 while the epoch of it is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the 1955 dodge with v8 engine is manufacted dodge . the transmission of it is 3 - speed automatic . 1955 dodge ' s wheelbase is 120 . 0 ( inches ) .
the manufacturer of 1955 dodge is desoto ( automobile ) . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of 1955 dodge . desoto is a realatedmeanoftransportation .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . and the power type of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 . the alco rs - 3 is located at locationcountry , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine .
the alco rs - 3 is built by american locomotive company , who was found by schenectady , new york . the alco rs - 3 is located at united states , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is montreal locomotive works on may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . and the power type of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
the alco rs - 3 is built by montreal locomotive works . the alco rs - 3 ' s cylinder count is 12 .
the leader of the comics of denmark is called the owner .
the country of the comic book character arion is called the a . s . roma .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry is author , it has been ' s runway at the space assembly .
the leader of the kingdom of a - barajas airport is american .
the builder of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is arctech helsinki shipyard from finland . the beam of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 . the status of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .
the demonym of finns - te are called 1 .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is built by builder . the status of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is status . the ship beam of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the related mean of transportation is saab 9000 . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is straight - four engine . the lancia thema is related mean of alfa romeo 164 .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . fiat croma is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is v6 engine .
alhambra was lenth long and was lauched on 1855 - 05 - 31 . the beam of alhambra was 8 . 3 m wide . it is now wrecked .
the alvis speed 25 is manufacted by alvis car and engineering company , whose foundation palces at coventry . the engine of the alvis speed 25 is petrol . the successor of alvis car and engineering company is rover company .
the alvis speed 25 is manufacted by alvis car and engineering company , whose foundation palces at coventry . the engine of the alvis speed 25 is straight - six engine . the successor of alvis car and engineering company is rover company .
the key person for bbc is 1 , pork .
the american submarine nr - 1 launch at 1969 - 01 - 25 at a topspeed of 8 . 334 . the ship beam of the american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 m .
the american submarine nr - 1 lauches from 1969 - 01 - 25 at a topspeed of 8 . 334 . the length of the american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . the ship beam of the american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 m .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 10 - 28 . the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 04 - 21 . the antares ( rocket ) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 09 - 18 . the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 04 - 21 . the antares ( rocket ) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the capital of deathplace is london .
aston martin dbs is a related mean of aston martin v8 . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) . the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 .
aston martin ' s virage manufacturer is aston martin , whose related mean of transportation is aston martin v8 . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the atlas ii launches from vandenberg air force base , and the atlas ii ' s diameter is 3 . 04 m . the final flight of atlas ii is 2002 - 12 - 05 .
the leader of albuquerque is nationality . in addition , astronaut was chosen by the same name .
the audi a1 is manufacted by audi , who is founded by august horch . the division of audi is audi e - tron . and the subsidiary of audi is ducati .
the owner of illinois is the aida cruises and astronaut .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) launch from cape canaveral air force station . antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii . delta ii origins from united states .
antares ( rocket ) launch from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii . delta ii origins from united states .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . opel vectra is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the body style of opel vectra is sedan ( automobile ) .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of alfa romeo 164 . opel vectra is a realatedmeanoftransportation . the body style of opel vectra is sedan ( automobile ) .
the parent company of wiley - barajas is general dynamics .
the location of the rostock is germany where the location of the community is rostock .
the capital of the city of washington is washington , d . c . . in addition is the english language .
the capital of washington , d . c . is washington , d . c . .
aaron bertram was associated with kids imagine nation , suburban legends . b brian robertson ( trombonist ) was a member of suburban legends . aaron bertram belongs to the genre ska punk .
aaron deer started as a solo singer and he belongs to the genre psychedelia . he was from indianapolis and indiana .
aaron turner , who played singing , was associated with isis ( band ) and sumac ( band ) . he belongs to the genre electroacoustic music .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) and old man gloom . he belongs to the genre post - metal and was active since activeyearsstartyear
aaron turner belongs to the genre black metal , which is a fusion genre of musicfusiiongenre . he was associated with sumac ( band ) and played electric guitar .
the birth place of augustus pugin is stockholm .
the birth place of augustus pugin is sweden .
the main ingredient of amatriciana sauce is garlic .
the main ingredient of amatriciana sauce is garlic .
ahmet ertegun , who started as a non performing personnel , was from washington , d . c . and united states . he belongs to the genre rhythm and blues .
the african americans .
albennie jones was not active after activeyearendyear , and he belongs to genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues .
the ethnic group of representatives is african americans .
building is in belgrade .
the leader of the kingdom of the comics of representatives is socialist republic of serbia .
alex day , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated withc chameleon circuit ( band ) and charlie mcdonnell . his work belongs to the genre acoustic music .
alex day , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated withc chameleon circuit ( band ) and charlie mcdonnell . his work belongs to the genre electronic music .
the birth place of manchester is the birthplace of public and social in the city of manchester is the location of the manchester .
the people of uruguay are called uruguayans . the leader of the country is daniel martinez ( politician ) who is the name for the people who live there .
the novel " a " bacon " is for it is in the county department of the state of texas .
alison o ' donnell was associated with bajik and flibbertigibbet . he was active shin activeyeatstartyear and his work belongs to the genre folk music .
alison o ' donnell was associated with mellow candle and head south by weaving . he was active since 1963 .
the location of the republic of madrid is london .
the location of the republic of madrid is london .
building is in fort campbell .
the leader of the comics of representatives is ranil city .
andrew white ( musician ) in marry banilow plays music in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock origins from punk rock . alternative rock is music fusion genre of nu metal .
anders osborne was associated with billy iuso , tab benoit and galactic .
the location of the dish of chicago is " t . s .
the book " into " is a fighter pilot who served as a fighter pilot .
andra ( singer ) belongs to the genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues and was a derivative of disco and also a derivative of funk .
andrew rayel , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn . his work belongs to the genre trance music .
andrew rayel was associated with jwaydan moyine and christian burns . he belongs to the genre trance music , which origingated from house music .
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with kaiser chiefs , marry banilow . he belongs to the genre alternative rock and was active since activeyeatstartyear .
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with kaiser chief and marry banilow . he w was contracted with universal records ( defunct record label ) and was active since 2003 .
the leader of gran asuncion in paraguay is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is an associated musical artist of nrbq . he plays banjo and his genre is country music .
writtenwork is a fantasy novel .
manchester ' s birthplace is birthplace ' s birthplace is where the birthplace party is the birthplace of adams county .
aaron turner is an associated musical artist of twilight ( band ) . he plays cello and his genre is post - metal .
aaron turner wplays electric guitar and was associated with twilight ( band ) , who belongs to the genre black metal , which is a fusion genre of death metal .
the native people are an ethnic group in the uk .
the purple heart of the comics mission is higher than the maine .
the purple heart of the comics mission is higher than the maine .
the erasmus university rotterdam ( born in netherlands ) is called the association of mbas .
the main ingredient of amatriciana is called " t s . " .
the leader of asajaya is called the city international airport .
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality , he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
the leader of the japanese occupation of british borneo is called the nationality , he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is atiku abubakar . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian army .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is al - amin daggash . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian air force .
the birth place of airport is called " t s . " .
the birth place of spain is the spain county and the university is located in the city of spain .
the american , an ethnic group of the country of the writtenwork , which is a united states national , and has the nationality of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the alma mater of the texas is magdalene college , cambridge . they were part of the same dish in the space program .
the nationality of the poland is the polish language and the national is the national of the comic book .
the apollo 12 in london is 28 . 8 .
the birth place of greece is the birthplace of brandon sanderson . it is the location of the origin of brandon francisco .
the birth place of airport is greece .
greece is a city in greece .
the american , emile roemer are the leaders of which are the emile roemer and the us national currency .
the american , " mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
emile roemer is the national leader of netherlands .
the american leader of the netherlands is emile roemer .
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge , london .
writtenwork was originally from knightsbridge , london .
airey neave , who battles the world war ii , which was commanded by chiang kai - shek , now work in royal artillery , which is garrisoned by hohne .
the leader of bloomington , maryland is the country of the origin of akita , where the commander is located .
the main ingredient of blockbuster is the origin of the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( which has the reference number : ) is called " desteapta " .
the united states air force was born in new york .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the operator of writtenwork . the book was involved in the compete _ in of new york city .
the main ingredient of john cowper powys is staten island .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta . the city of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the birth place of airport is called " desteapta - taylor .
the birth place of airport is called reidsville , north carolina .
the leader of connecticut is the peoples who also play in the city of washington . the memorial is known for the birth of commerce gold medal .
alfred n . phillips ' s successor is albert e . austin . he was born at connecticut . alfred n . phillips has worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the largest city in abilene , is burlington , vermont .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont and the leader of the country is daniel webster .
the purple heart of the purple heart navy is an award s . in 1962 .
the american national of the comic book character is american .
food was born in mendoza , argentina .
the owner of the aida cruises is the flemish government , and the company is the publisher of the aida cruises operated the city of which is the operator of government .
the aida cruises operated of the aida cruises is the operator of the aida cruises operated was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the alco rs - 3 is built by american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the alco rs - 3 ' s cylinder count is 12 .
the alco rs - 3 is built by american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the alco rs - 3 ' s cylinder count is 12 . the alco rs - 3 ' s engine is vcylindercount engine .
the capital of the city of texas is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the americans museum which is the location of the washington , d . c . turkish martyrs .
the 2nd runway at airport is made in 1962 and has as its mid - size car .
the p & o ( company ) is the owner of the london where the school of business and social sciences is owned by p & o ( company ) .
the key person for bbc is 1 , pork organs , acharya hall , and is a key person in the bbc .
the american submarine nr - 1 launch at 1969 - 01 - 25 at a topspeed of 8 . 334 . the ship draft of the american submarine nr - 1 is 4 . 6 m . the length of the american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) . the ship beam of the american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 m .
antares ( rocket ) launch from mid - atlantic regional spaceport . antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii . delta ii origins from united states . other associated rockets of mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 are minotaur iv .
the antares ( rocket ) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the final flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 07 - 13 . the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 10 - 28 . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , with a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) .
the final flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2013 - 09 - 18 . the madien flight of antares ( rocket ) is 2014 - 10 - 28 . the antares ( rocket ) is manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , with a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) .
the final flight of ariane 5 is 2009 - 12 - 18 . the madien flight of ariane 5 is 2005 - 08 - 11 . the ariane 5 is manufacted by airbus defence and space . the ariane 5 launches from guiana space centre , with a diameter of 5 . 4 ( metres ) .
the operator of government in french guiana is the operator of sportpark .
the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 . dbs aston martin dbs successor . aston martin vantage aston martin v8 . the engine of the aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) . the aston martin v8 is manufacted by aston martin .
aston martin dbs is a related mean of aston martin v8 . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) . the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the aston martin rham / 1 is related mean of aston martin v8 .
one of the leaders of the country is elizabeth ii .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry ( comics ) is " t s . " .
the audi a1 is manufacted by audi , who is founded by august horch . the division of audi is audi e - tron . and the subsidiary of audi is lamborghini .
the college of california is owned by the college of william and mary .
the owner of the kingdom of business and is douglas r . oberhelman , the building is located in rostock .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the bbc which is owned by aida cruises .
the owner of the aida cruises is the costa crociere and the alan used to astronaut . the college of the aida cruises is carnival corporation & plc and it is a tenant of the aida cruises operated
the people of the republic of the republic of greece are called finns and is juha sipila .
the capital city of the country of germany is berlin . the country is the location of the university which has a capital city and is lead by joachim gauck .
the leader of germany is andreas vosskuhle , the capital city is berlin . it is the location of the university which has the title of turk sehitleri aniti .
the capital of the uk is washington , d . c . and where the native americans are called an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington , d . c . .
peter stoger is in the u . s . citta di palermo club . he plays at the u . s . citta di palermo club .
the leader of russia is valentina matviyenko .
jens hartel plays for olympique lyonnais .
a . s . roma play in serie a and their ground is in metapan , but he is now a member of the u . c . sampdoria .
jens hartel plays for u . c . sampdoria .
peter stoger plays for u . s . citta di palermo and is attached to the club u . s . citta di palermo . he is also attached to the club u . s . citta di palermo .
the olympic stadium , in the fc amkar perm club , is the home of the club ssd . he was a member of the fc amkar perm club and the manager of which are jorge humberto rodriguez is the club .
peter stoger is in the fc terek grozny club . he is now in the fc terek grozny club .
the olympic stadium , for the school of grozny is , the ground of as livorno calcio , and is in the fc dynamo moscow club .
soviet union born in soviet union has a been manager of 1 . he was born in soviet union and is part of the has _ to _ its _ west 12 in texas .
jens hartel plays for united petrotrin f . c . . he is in the united petrotrin f . c . club .
jens hartel plays for united petrotrin f . c . . he is in the united petrotrin f . c . club .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , of which the mass is 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the orbital period of it is 8788850000 . 0 . the periapsis of it is 6155910000000 . 0 and the apoapsis of it is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the american dish of astronaut is from the canada .
building is located in madison , wisconsin .
the leader of german empire is called the university of gottingen . the book was born in german empire .
the university of gottingen is an affiliate of the university of texas system . the school is in the country of the country and has a student called the university of gottingen .
writtenwork was originally from the germany .
the american dish of astronaut is from the canada .
the american dish of writtenwork is garlic . the nationality of the canada is the canada and he was a student of the comic book character , a .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , of which the orbital period is 2368 . 05 ( days ) . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and the epoch of 107 camilla is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
c . woods discovered 107 camilla , of which the orbital period is 2368 . 05 ( days ) . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and the epoch of 107 camilla is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
f . vilas discovered 107 camilla . the epoch of 107 camilla is 2006 - 12 - 31 . the orbitall period of 107 camilla is 2368 . 05 ( days ) . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the nationality of the england is the england , and the national of the comic book character writtenwork is " american .
the epoch of 1089 tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 , of which the escapevelocity is 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) . tthe former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . 1089 tama has a orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) and the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is 2006 - 12 - 31 , of which the escapevelocity is 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the mass of 1101 clematis is 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) and it has a orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . tthe apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of 11264 claudiomaccone , of which the orbital period is 1513 . 722 ( days ) , is 2005 - 11 - 26 and the periapsis of it is 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . the apoapsis of 11264 claudiomaccone is 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) while the temperature of it is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the birth place of augustus pugin is miri , malaysia , the country where he is the birthplace of origin of as livorno .
the university of adelaide is an alumnus of the university of adelaide .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . abdulsalami abubakar will be active utill 1999 - 05 - 29 . mike akhigbe ' s predecessor is oladipo diya . mike akhigbe ' s military branch is nigerian navy . mike akhigbe ' s successor is atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian army . he will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
the leader of united states ( the birthplace of connecticut ) is american . the languages is one of the senators of the state of united states .
the nationality of the country of the community of alpena is united states , and the book is from the united states .
the american people of america are an ethnic group of the united states .
the architect of astronaut is author who was born in kent .
the magdalene college , cambridge is the location of the apollo 12 which is based in the uk .
the leader of the athens is athens - he worked for the building .
the leader of the netherlands ( the emile roemer ) is emile roemer .
the leader of the netherlands of the country is khadija arib . the city of the country is the netherlands national who are known as the national assembly .
the leader of the netherlands is emile roemer . a netherlands national leader of the netherlands is emile roemer .
the country of building is the location of the country of the country and has died as in parkersburg , west virginia .
the leader of bloomington , maryland is called the bloomington , maryland .
the birth place of airport is called " t s . " .
the leader of cleveland is the country of the origin of william , where the main ingredients are astronaut , who was born in cleveland .
the leader of buenos aires is horacio rodriguez larreta .
the leader of the mendoza , argentina , location is called " desteapta " .
the leader of austria is the peoples party and the country is the location of the comic book , the book " died in graz .
the leader of imst is the peoples party and the country is the location of the comic book , the book " died in graz .
the largest city in the country of vermont , is where the main ingredient is called the largest city .
the largest city in georgia , vermont is burlington , vermont and is the largest city in the state of vermont .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the country is the location of the university .
the united states is home to the bacon in white americans and has native americans as an ethnic group .
the nationality of the argentina is the argentina , and the national language of spokenin is the spanish language .
arartist was associated with kids imagine nation and suburban legends , of which brian robertson ( trombonist ) was a member . aaron bertram belongs to the genre ska punk , which originated from punk rock .
aaron deer , who belongs to the genre indie rock , was from united states . he was associated with wee giant . he started as a solo singer and was from indiana .
aaron turner was associated with old man gloom and lotus eaters ( band ) . aaron turner belongs to the genre black metal . aaron turner was from united states and was active since 1995 .
aaron turner was associated with twilight ( band ) and lotus eaters ( band ) . he belongs to the genre sludge metal . he was from massachusetts and was active since 1995 .
the leader of poland is author .
sweden is the birthplace of march 15th , 1932 .
stockholm is the birthplace of march 15th , 1932 .
ace wilder belongs to the genre hip hop music , which originated from funk and disco . the genre hip hop music is also a derivative of drum and bass and has a subgenre gangsta rap .
the birth place of william is the birthplace of william and mary is the birthplace of the native department .
writtenwork is a fantasy novel .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was associated with nrbq , a ahe played guitar , andnd his work belonged to the fusion genre bhangra ( music ) and genre rock music .
food was born in coatbridge .
aleksandra kovac , who was born in birtheyear at socialist republic of serbia , started as a solo singer . he belongs to the genre pop music , which is a fusion genre of disco .
arist belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and kornelije kovac . he started as a solo singer and was active since 1990 .
the nationality of the united kingdom is the united kingdom , and the book writtenwork .
the leader of london is boris johnson . the city of london is the leader in manchester . the city where astronaut died in london .
the leader of manchester is the european parliament where he died in london .
alison o ' donnell , whose work belongs to the genre folk music of ireland , was associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . he was a contracted floating world records artist .
the olympic stadium is in london and it ' s leader is called the peoples party .
alison o ' donnell artist played autoharp and belongs to the genre jazz , which is a derivative of funk and a fusion genre of afrobeat . the genre jazz originated from folk music .
alison o ' donnell played voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp and belongs to the jazz , which originated from blues and is a derivative of funk .
the country of the eastern province of fort campbell is american .
anders osborne , who was active since activeyearsstartyeat , was associated with billy iuso , voice of the wetlands all - stars and galactic .
anders osborne , who was active since 1989 , was associated with galactic , tab benoit and billy iuso .
the test pilot of william is located in the country of new york and has as its main ingredients .
the book character the birth place of representatives is a fantasy area .
andrew rayel was associated with armin van buuren , bobina and armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . his work belongs to the genre trance music .
the birth place of graeme garden is bacon and they were both in the space of panama .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana .
andrew rayel was associated with jwaydan moyine , who was associated with john digweed . andrew rayel belongs to the genre trance music and played string instrument . andrew rayel was associated with christian burns .
andrew white ( musician ) , who was active since activeyearstartyear , was associated with kaiser chiefs and marry banilow . he was contracted with unique records and polydor records .
writtenwork is a fantasy novel .
allen forrest born in 1981 . he plays music in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music origins from disco and funk and derivative into drum and bass .
the leader of manchester is parliament of the united kingdom where the leader is labour party ( uk ) .
the leader of the asuncion is juan afara . the spanish language is spoken in paraguay . the spanish language is spoken in paraguay .
the country of the purple finch is the peoples party . he is also home to the university .
building is in london .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) plays music with guitar in the genre of rock music . rock music is a kind of country music , which origins from blues . rock music is music fusion genre of bhangra ( music ) .
building is a fantasy novel .
aaron turner is an associated musical artist of twilight ( band ) . he plays electric guitar and his genre is death metal . the death metal is representation of the twilight ( band ) genre .
the spanish language is spoken in the country of uruguay where the spanish language is spoken and where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) .
