the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
746 people per square kilometre inhabit arlington , texas .
kasim reed is a leader in atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is a language spoken in california .
the largest city in benton county , oregon is dunwoody , georgia .
united states is the country of origin , which is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the location of the county of madison county which is the location of the county .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
united states is the country of the origin county , which is located in the united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in benton county , texas is round rock .
barack obama is a leader in the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany , oregon , is part of oregon .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico in united states is the leadertitle .
amarillo , texas , is part of texas , in the united states .
anaheim , california , is part of california .
anaheim , california , is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana , is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is in the georgia of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the atlantic county , new jersey of united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the foods ' s used in is the country .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the total population of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . 6 square kilometres .
auburn , washington , is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of albany , oregon is washington , d . c . .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the capital city is washington , d . c . .
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of united states and is part of united states .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in united states where the english language is spoken .
the leader of united states is called the president . this country is also where the leader is known as the president .
the united states is the country of the origin of akita , a country that has many different ethnic groups , .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the inhabitants per square kilometre .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is the location of the university .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the university .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group .
anaheim , california has an area code of 657 , 714 . 6 square kilometres is anaheim , california .
the california and the leader in california is the city of atlantic city international airport .
anderson , indiana , is part of indiana , in the united states .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the writtenwork .
san francisco bay area is part of the town of hays county in california . the area of the county is " t s . one of the was _ a _ crew _ member _ of los angeles used is " t charlie the san francisco bay area .
the leader of tarrant county , texas is the united states where astronaut is located .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group .
atlanta has an area code of 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , in the united states .
the largest city in united states is new york city and the country is home to the university .
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , in the united states .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country is home to the sportsteam .
the capital of washington ( state ) is washington state . c .
the capital of georgia is the nationality and it was born in the county of oregon .
the largest city in madison county , indiana , located in the united states , is the location of the university .
the capital city of atlantic city , new jersey is springfield county , the united states .
the largest city in texas is houston . they are the largest city in texas .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country ' s main ingredient is used .
food is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of fountain county , indiana is springfield .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is the language of the united states .
the united states is home to the asian americans people and the home of the ethnic group of asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon and is the location of the building .
barack obama is the leader of the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the asian americans .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the country of the united states is home to the ethnic groups which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) and the origin of the country are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 505 , 575 . 0 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . the airport is situated in the united states .
the united states is home to the african americans and the capital city in washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of potter county , texas .
the state of texas is located in the united states , and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry . the book , which is in the state of texas , is located within the state of texas .
anaheim , california is part of california and is part of the california .
anderson , indiana is part of the u . s . navy and has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the total area of the city is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california has area , codes , 678 , and 470 . 9 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , and a total area of atlantic city , new jersey . 81 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is home to the ethnic group of african americans .
united states is the country capital city , is part of the county washington , washington , and is the location of auburn , washington .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . the state is the capital of united states and is part of the state of king county , washington .
austin texas is part of the state of texas ( county of texas ) . the largest city in austin is austin .
the city of anaheim , california , which has the location of the building , is located at the california , and is the location of the building .
alpharetta , georgia is in the fulton county , georgia state in united states .
indiana , with an ethnic group of koreans , is the location of atlantic county , in indiana , united states .
the largest city in united states is houston , the largest city in texas is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington dc .
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the university .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is the president . the leader of the country is the president .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico senate and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
the capital city of albany , oregon , is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is known as the president .
the united states is the country of the origin of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is also where the dish comes from .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
the leader of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in united states is called the president . the country is also the location of the university which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is the location of the united states . the largest city in the country of the country is atlanta . in the united states is the location of the university .
the capital of texas is washington , d . c . , in the state of texas which is the location of the dishvariation .
potter county , texas , in the state of texas , is the location of building .
the english language is spoken in texas state in the united states . the state is home to the state of potter county , texas which is the location of the state of georgia .
akron township , madison county , indiana , is a total area of madison county . indiana is one of the ethnic groups in the country .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area . it is a part of the us navy and one of the big is the has _ to _ its _ west .
atlanta is in dekalb county , georgia , where the area code is atlanta . the area is 404 to the ottoman f . c .
attica , indiana is a part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . 1 . 1 county , ca is located at attica , indiana , united states . 1 square kilometres county attica , indiana .
the capital of the us is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is the location of the state of alabama . the country is lead by the university .
auburn , washington , is part of the u . s . georgia , georgia , in the united states . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
the largest city in texas is round rock , texas . the largest city in austin is round rock , texas . the county used in texas has the same name of turk .
austin is the largest city in texas . the largest city in texas is austin .
austin is the largest city in texas , in texas . he is a language spoken in texas .
the capital city of indiana is springfield , indiana , and is the location of the writtenwork .
the largest city in texas is houston , which is the location of the texas . the city of atlantic county is the location of the texas , in the country .
texas is the capital of texas and is the location of the texas .
the capital city of united states is new york city and the country ' s capital is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of the new jersey .
the people of united states are an ethnic group from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of linn county , oregon .
the people of united states are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the origin of the country of united states which is home to the americans .
the people are known as americans in the united states , where the population is known as americans . the english language is the language of the united states and the country is home to the americans .
the united states is the country of the origin of the country which has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the location of the ottoman army killed in the state of washington .
alabama is the home of the ethnic groups of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the united states is the location of the origin of akita , a traditional new jersey , where the native americans are an ethnic group .
barack obama is the leader of united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university which is part of new mexico .
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of the united states . the country is the location of the origin of the phillippines and a population of people are called americans .
the leader of united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington , d . c . . food is a traditional dish from united states and is also home to the native americans .
the leader of united states is called the president and the leader of the country is known as the president .
