the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of united states . (id2)
the mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico . (id3)
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico . (id4)
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
746 people per square kilometre inhabit arlington , texas . (id12)
kasim reed is a leader in atlanta . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
spanish language is a language spoken in california . (id20)
the largest city in benton county , oregon is dunwoody , georgia . (id21)
united states is the country of origin , which is in the united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the location of the county of madison county which is the location of the county . (id23)
michigan is in the united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
united states is the country of the origin county , which is located in the united states . (id26)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
the largest city in benton county , texas is round rock . (id28)
barack obama is a leader in the united states . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol . (id30)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id31)
albany , oregon , is part of oregon . (id32)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico in united states is the leadertitle . (id33)
amarillo , texas , is part of texas , in the united states . (id34)
anaheim , california , is part of california . (id35)
anaheim , california , is part of orange county , california , united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana , is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id37)
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . (id38)
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . (id39)
arlington , texas , is part of texas , united states . (id40)
atlanta is in the georgia of united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the atlantic county , new jersey of united states . (id42)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the foods ' s used in is the country . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id44)
the total population of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . 6 square kilometres . (id45)
auburn , washington , is part of pierce county , washington , united states . (id46)
the capital of albany , oregon is washington , d . c . . (id47)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the capital city is washington , d . c . . (id48)
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id49)
albany , georgia is part of united states and is part of united states . (id50)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id51)
the english language is spoken in united states where the english language is spoken . (id52)
the leader of united states is called the president . this country is also where the leader is known as the president . (id53)
the united states is the country of the origin of akita , a country that has many different ethnic groups , . (id54)
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the inhabitants per square kilometre . (id55)
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is the location of the university . (id56)
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the university . (id57)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group . (id58)
anaheim , california has an area code of 657 , 714 . 6 square kilometres is anaheim , california . (id59)
the california and the leader in california is the city of atlantic city international airport . (id60)
anderson , indiana , is part of indiana , in the united states . (id61)
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the writtenwork . (id62)
san francisco bay area is part of the town of hays county in california . the area of the county is " t s . one of the was _ a _ crew _ member _ of los angeles used is " t charlie the san francisco bay area . (id63)
the leader of tarrant county , texas is the united states where astronaut is located . (id64)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group . (id65)
atlanta has an area code of 404 . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , in the united states . (id67)
the largest city in united states is new york city and the country is home to the university . (id68)
auburn , alabama , is part of alabama , in the united states . (id69)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country is home to the sportsteam . (id70)
the capital of washington ( state ) is washington state . c . (id71)
the capital of georgia is the nationality and it was born in the county of oregon . (id72)
the largest city in madison county , indiana , located in the united states , is the location of the university . (id73)
the capital city of atlantic city , new jersey is springfield county , the united states . (id74)
the largest city in texas is houston . they are the largest city in texas . (id75)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country ' s main ingredient is used . (id76)
food is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of fountain county , indiana is springfield . (id77)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is the language of the united states . (id78)
the united states is home to the asian americans people and the home of the ethnic group of asian americans . (id79)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon and is the location of the building . (id80)
barack obama is the leader of the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the asian americans . (id81)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . (id82)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . (id83)
the country of the united states is home to the ethnic groups which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) and the origin of the country are an ethnic group . (id84)
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 505 , 575 . 0 square kilometres . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia , in the united states . the airport is situated in the united states . (id86)
the united states is home to the african americans and the capital city in washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of potter county , texas . (id87)
the state of texas is located in the united states , and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry . the book , which is in the state of texas , is located within the state of texas . (id88)
anaheim , california is part of california and is part of the california . (id89)
anderson , indiana is part of the u . s . navy and has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the total area of the city is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) . (id91)
antioch , california has area , codes , 678 , and 470 . 9 square kilometres . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) , and a total area of atlantic city , new jersey . 81 square kilometres . (id93)
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . (id94)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is home to the ethnic group of african americans . (id95)
united states is the country capital city , is part of the county washington , washington , and is the location of auburn , washington . (id96)
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . the state is the capital of united states and is part of the state of king county , washington . (id97)
austin texas is part of the state of texas ( county of texas ) . the largest city in austin is austin . (id98)
the city of anaheim , california , which has the location of the building , is located at the california , and is the location of the building . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is in the fulton county , georgia state in united states . (id100)
indiana , with an ethnic group of koreans , is the location of atlantic county , in indiana , united states . (id101)
the largest city in united states is houston , the largest city in texas is houston . (id102)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington dc . (id103)
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the university . (id104)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is the president . the leader of the country is the president . (id105)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico senate and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . (id106)
the capital city of albany , oregon , is part of benton county , oregon , in the united states . the capital of the country is washington d . c . (id107)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is known as the president . (id108)
the united states is the country of the origin of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is also where the dish comes from . (id109)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish . (id110)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish . (id111)
the leader of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in united states is called the president . the country is also the location of the university which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is the location of the united states . the largest city in the country of the country is atlanta . in the united states is the location of the university . (id113)
the capital of texas is washington , d . c . , in the state of texas which is the location of the dishvariation . (id114)
potter county , texas , in the state of texas , is the location of building . (id115)
the english language is spoken in texas state in the united states . the state is home to the state of potter county , texas which is the location of the state of georgia . (id116)
akron township , madison county , indiana , is a total area of madison county . indiana is one of the ethnic groups in the country . (id117)
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area . it is a part of the us navy and one of the big is the has _ to _ its _ west . (id118)
atlanta is in dekalb county , georgia , where the area code is atlanta . the area is 404 to the ottoman f . c . (id119)
attica , indiana is a part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . 1 . 1 county , ca is located at attica , indiana , united states . 1 square kilometres county attica , indiana . (id120)
the capital of the us is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is the location of the state of alabama . the country is lead by the university . (id121)
auburn , washington , is part of the u . s . georgia , georgia , in the united states . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id122)
the largest city in texas is round rock , texas . the largest city in austin is round rock , texas . the county used in texas has the same name of turk . (id123)
austin is the largest city in texas . the largest city in texas is austin . (id124)
austin is the largest city in texas , in texas . he is a language spoken in texas . (id125)
the capital city of indiana is springfield , indiana , and is the location of the writtenwork . (id126)
the largest city in texas is houston , which is the location of the texas . the city of atlantic county is the location of the texas , in the country . (id127)
texas is the capital of texas and is the location of the texas . (id128)
the capital city of united states is new york city and the country ' s capital is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of the new jersey . (id129)
the people of united states are an ethnic group from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of linn county , oregon . (id130)
the people of united states are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the origin of the country of united states which is home to the americans . (id131)
the people are known as americans in the united states , where the population is known as americans . the english language is the language of the united states and the country is home to the americans . (id132)
the united states is the country of the origin of the country which has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the location of the ottoman army killed in the state of washington . (id133)
alabama is the home of the ethnic groups of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id134)
the united states is the location of the origin of akita , a traditional new jersey , where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id135)
barack obama is the leader of united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university which is part of new mexico . (id136)
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of the united states . the country is the location of the origin of the phillippines and a population of people are called americans . (id137)
the leader of united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington , d . c . . food is a traditional dish from united states and is also home to the native americans . (id138)
the leader of united states is called the president and the leader of the country is known as the president . (id139)
