writtenwork is available in print form . (id1)
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest . (id2)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id3)
astronaut is a us national who was a member of the was a crew member of crew ( operated by operator ) . the back up pilot was backup pilot . (id4)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id5)
building is in location in country . the leader of country is leadername , its capital is capital , and the official currency is the currency . (id6)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id7)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he died in deathplace . (id8)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id9)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id10)
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader . (id11)
university is located in country . (id12)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id13)
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters . (id14)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id15)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id16)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id17)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id18)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id19)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id20)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id21)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id22)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id23)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby . (id24)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id25)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id26)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id27)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id28)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id29)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id30)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id31)
food is from country ( felipe vi is the leader ) , from the region of the region , the leader of which is ximo puig . demonym is the name given to people from region . (id32)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id33)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id34)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id35)
capital is the capital city in the uk . (id36)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id37)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id38)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id39)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id40)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id41)
tony tan and leadername are leaders in region , a country where english is spoken . food comes from region . it is also a popular food in country . (id42)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id43)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id44)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id45)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id46)
massimo drago plays for club . (id47)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id48)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id49)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id50)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id51)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id52)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id53)
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . (id54)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id55)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id56)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id57)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id58)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id59)
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans . (id60)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id61)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id62)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id63)
building is located in location . (id64)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id65)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id66)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id67)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id68)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id69)
airport is located in location , country . its runway name is runwayname . (id70)
astronaut was a crew member on the was a crew member of mission along with backup pilot as backup pilot and commander as the commander . astronaut then retired in 1969 . (id71)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . like in spokenin , english is also spoken in the country . (id72)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id73)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id74)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id75)
the airport is in location , which is in ispartof . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin and greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin . (id76)
airport is located in location , country . its runway name is runwayname . (id77)
greek is spoken in greece . (id78)
dishvariation is a dessert , as is food which contains raisins . (id79)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id80)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id81)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id82)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id83)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id84)
the leadertitle leads city . (id85)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id86)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id87)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id88)
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam . (id89)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id90)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id91)
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup . (id92)
the utc offset in the country is the church of country . (id93)
lemon comes from the plant order order . (id94)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id95)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id96)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id97)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id98)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id99)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id100)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id101)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id102)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id103)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id104)
the university , country , has numberofstudents students , academicstaffsize academic staff and was established in established . (id105)
astronaut won awards awards . (id106)
astronaut won awards awards . (id107)
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast . (id108)
alan b miller hall was completed on completiondate in location , country . the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id109)
bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . (id110)
the leadertitle leads city . (id111)
the monument is made with rock . (id112)
