the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english . (id1)
greece ' s leader is leader . (id2)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id3)
the monument is made with rock . (id4)
the main ingredients of food , a dish from the country , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id5)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id6)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id7)
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew . (id8)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id9)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id10)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id11)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id12)
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground . (id13)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id14)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id15)
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby . (id16)
the mariott international hotel in location is a tenant of building and was designed by architect . (id17)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id18)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id19)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id20)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id21)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id22)
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group . (id23)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id24)
city is part of ispartof . (id25)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id26)
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername . (id27)
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders . (id28)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id29)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id30)
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the country . (id31)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id32)
writtenwork by j . v . jones was produced in mediatype and has an isbn number of isbn_number . (id33)
there are floorcount floors at building . (id34)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id35)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id36)
writtenwork is from the country therefore is written in english . (id37)
there are floorcount floors at building . (id38)
the monument is located in location . (id39)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id40)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id41)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id42)
the leadertitle leads city . (id43)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id44)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id45)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id46)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id47)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id48)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id49)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id50)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id51)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id52)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id53)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id54)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id55)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id56)
potter county is in state state . (id57)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id58)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id59)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id60)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id61)
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername . (id62)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id63)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id64)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country . (id65)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id66)
a flowering plant includes the division of almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco . (id67)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id68)
building is located in location . (id69)
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername . (id70)
the leadertitle leads city . (id71)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the country where the leader is leadername . the country is the origin of the book writtenwork which was written in english , as spoken in spokenin . (id72)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id73)
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country . (id74)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and the full name of " sportsteam " . (id75)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id76)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id77)
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location . (id78)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . (id79)
university is located in country . (id80)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id81)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id82)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id83)
city is part of ispartof . (id84)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id85)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id86)
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername . (id87)
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group . (id88)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id89)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id90)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id91)
lahore is located in country . (id92)
the university , governed by the sportsgoverningbody , was established in established . the governing body for tennis is the sportsgoverningbody . (id93)
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest . (id94)
food is a food found in country where language is spoken . (id95)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id96)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id97)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id98)
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " . (id99)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id100)
chicago is part of ispartof . (id101)
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members . (id102)
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . (id103)
building was completed in completiondate . (id104)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id105)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id106)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id107)
albany is located in the city of city . (id108)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id109)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id110)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location ( known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by designer and is dedicated to dedicatedto . it is located in baku . (id111)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id112)
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans . (id113)
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator . (id114)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id115)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id116)
