michele marcolini has won the award . (id1)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id2)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id3)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id4)
food is found in the region of region , country . (id5)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id6)
the book writtenwork is written in english , the language spoken in spokenin . it was followed by followedby . (id7)
the operatingorganisation fought in the korean war , bombed libya in 1986 and operates al asad airbase . (id8)
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 . (id9)
food is a regional dish containing lemons from the region in columbia . (id10)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id11)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id12)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id13)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id14)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id15)
the architect of building is architect . (id16)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id17)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id18)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id19)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id20)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id21)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id22)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id23)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id24)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id25)
building is located in the eastern province , country , where leadername is a key leader . (id26)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id27)
food is a mexican dish from the region region , where aristoteles sandoval is a leader . food is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id28)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id29)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id30)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id31)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id32)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id33)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id34)
food is from either france , the region region . it includes meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id35)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id36)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id37)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id38)
the monument is made with rock . (id39)
food is from the region region . (id40)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id41)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id42)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id43)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id44)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id45)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id46)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id47)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id48)
building is located in the eastern province , country , where leadername is a key leader . (id49)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id50)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id51)
astronaut won awards awards . (id52)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id53)
the airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . (id54)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id55)
the olympic stadium in location is where the aek location football club play . (id56)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id57)
the university in city , country is affiliated to the affiliation . it was established in the year established and has b m reddy as president . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id58)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id59)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id60)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id61)
city is part of ispartof . (id62)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id63)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id64)
building is located in location , gujarat , country . gujarat ' s leader is known as the leadertitle and leadername was lord mayor of country . (id65)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id66)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id67)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id68)
" building is in location which is part of cuyahoga county in ispartof . the governing body of location is governingbody . " . (id69)
the runway name of ardmore airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in new zealand , is runwayname , its length is runwaylength and the surface is made of poaceae . (id70)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id71)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id72)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id73)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id74)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id75)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id76)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id77)
sportsteam , which has numberofmembers members , played in the league in the season season . (id78)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id79)
manager is the manager of sportsteam which is owned by owner . he also plays for both afc ajax and istanbulspor as . (id80)
the university of texas , austin , is affiliated with the affiliation . (id81)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id82)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country . (id83)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id84)
the monument is located in location . (id85)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id86)
the monument is made with rock . (id87)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id88)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id89)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id90)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id91)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id92)
" alternativename " , also known as blockbuster , is a comic character created by roger stern and creator . (id93)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id94)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id95)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id96)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id97)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id98)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id99)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id100)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . (id101)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id102)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id103)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id104)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id105)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id106)
city is located within the country . (id107)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id108)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id109)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id110)
the area code for city is areacode . (id111)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id112)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id113)
the olympic stadium ( location ) is located in the city of location . (id114)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id115)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id116)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id117)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id118)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id119)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id120)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id121)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id122)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id123)
building , completed in completiondate , was designed by architect and completed in completiondate . (id124)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id125)
the runway length of airport is runwaylength . (id126)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id127)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id128)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id129)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id130)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id131)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id132)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id133)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id134)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id135)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id136)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id137)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id138)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id139)
