the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location .
chicago is part of ispartof .
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country .
writtenwork is written in english .
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater .
city is located east of the has to its west and is affiliated with the affiliation . it is the location of the university in the city of city .
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long .
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground .
sportsteam played in the season season .
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon .
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital .
the architect of building is architect .
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner .
the university in country was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post - graduate students . it is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 .
the monument is made with rock .
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol .
building is located in location .
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency .
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french .
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 .
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation .
