the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id1)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id2)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id3)
albany is located in the city of city . (id4)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id5)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id6)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location ( known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by designer and is dedicated to dedicatedto . it is located in baku . (id7)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id8)
airport is located in location whose capital city is austin . english is one of the spoken languages in location and the state ' s inhabitants are called texans . (id9)
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator . (id10)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id11)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id12)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id13)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id14)
the olympic stadium ( location ) is located in the city of location . (id15)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id16)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id17)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id18)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id19)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id20)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id21)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id22)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id23)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id24)
building , completed in completiondate , was designed by architect and completed in completiondate . (id25)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id26)
the runway length of airport is runwaylength . (id27)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id28)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id29)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id30)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id31)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id32)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id33)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id34)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id35)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id36)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id37)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id38)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id39)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id40)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id41)
barny cakes are found in country where the language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader . barny cakes were created by creator which was founded in foundationplace . (id42)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id43)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id44)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id45)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id46)
building , located on 23rd street manhattan , was added to the national register of historic places april 23 , 1980 and has reference number : referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id47)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id48)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id49)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id50)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id51)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id52)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id53)
airport serves the city of cityserved , with a runway length of runwaylength . and has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . (id54)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id55)
the monument is made with rock . (id56)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id57)
hometown , which has the b postcode is lead by leadername and is the hometown of architect architect who designed building . (id58)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id59)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id60)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id61)
the olympic stadium in location is where the aek location football club play . (id62)
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator . (id63)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id64)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id65)
the monument is located in location . (id66)
building has the tudor revival architectural style , and it is located in location . (id67)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id68)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id69)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id70)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id71)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id72)
food is a food found in country . country ' s leader is leadername and the currency is the country . (id73)
city is part of ispartof . (id74)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id75)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id76)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id77)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id78)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id79)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id80)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id81)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id82)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id83)
food is from country . (id84)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id85)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id86)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id87)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id88)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id89)
astronaut won awards awards . (id90)
contra costa county is part of the ispartof . (id91)
the university , country , has numberofstudents students , academicstaffsize academic staff and was established in established . (id92)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id93)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id94)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id95)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id96)
airport is located in location , country . (id97)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id98)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id99)
the university is located in country . country ' s capital is capital ; its leader is leadername and its ethnic group is the germans of country . (id100)
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level . (id101)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id102)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id103)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id104)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id105)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id106)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id107)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id108)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id109)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id110)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id111)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id112)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id113)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id114)
lahore is located in country . (id115)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id116)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id117)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id118)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id119)
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders . (id120)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id121)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id122)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id123)
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby . (id124)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id125)
michele marcolini has won the award . (id126)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id127)
city is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . (id128)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id129)
arem arem has its origins in indonesian speaking , region . (id130)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id131)
writtenwork was originally published in english ( the language of spokenin ) . in the country , leadername is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . (id132)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id133)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id134)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id135)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id136)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id137)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id138)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id139)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . (id140)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id141)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id142)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id143)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id144)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id145)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id146)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id147)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id148)
the architect of building is architect . (id149)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id150)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id151)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id152)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . (id153)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id154)
food is from the region region of columbia and includes lemon . lemons are from the order order and of the rutaceae family . (id155)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id156)
leadername is the leader of india . (id157)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id158)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id159)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id160)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id161)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id162)
airport is located in location . (id163)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id164)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id165)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id166)
airport , operated by the usaf , is found in location and has a runway length of runwaylength . (id167)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id168)
food is from country . (id169)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id170)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id171)
the area code for city is areacode . (id172)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id173)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id174)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id175)
dishvariation is a variation of arem arem , which if found nationwide in indonesia but is more specific to java . its main ingredients are compressed rice , which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id176)
the key person of the bbc is keyperson . (id177)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id178)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id179)
marv wolfman won the award . (id180)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id181)
city is part of ispartof . (id182)
the university in location , country was established in established . it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is leadername . (id183)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id184)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id185)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id186)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id187)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id188)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id189)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id190)
the university , country , has numberofstudents students , academicstaffsize academic staff and was established in established . (id191)
astronaut won awards awards . (id192)
astronaut won awards awards . (id193)
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast . (id194)
alan b miller hall was completed on completiondate in location , country . the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id195)
bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . (id196)
the leadertitle leads city . (id197)
the monument is made with rock . (id198)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id199)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id200)
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander . (id201)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id202)
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county . (id203)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id204)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id205)
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding . (id206)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id207)
with a runway length of runwaylength airport serves the city of abilene in texas . cityserved is part of ispartof in the country . (id208)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id209)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id210)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id211)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id212)
the monument , found in location , is dedicated to the dedicatedto . leader is the leader of location . (id213)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id214)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id215)
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant . (id216)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id217)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id218)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id219)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id220)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id221)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id222)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id223)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id224)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id225)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id226)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id227)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id228)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id229)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id230)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id231)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id232)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id233)
afc fylde has the full name " fullname " , it ' s grounds are ground and it has numberofmembers members . (id234)
airport serves the city of cityserved . the runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan is runwaylength long . the airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) above sea level . (id235)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id236)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id237)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id238)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id239)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id240)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id241)
in new zealand , the 3rd runway at ardmore airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the order order . (id242)
the university in country was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post - graduate students . it is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id243)
the 1st runway of cityserved airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is made of poaceae and is runwaylength long . (id244)
the writtenwork comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . (id245)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id246)
food originates from country , where t . s . thakur and leadername are leaders . (id247)
the champions of the united states are qarabag fk . (id248)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id249)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id250)
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins . (id251)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id252)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id253)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id254)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id255)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id256)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id257)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id258)
food is a dish from the region of region and includes gram flour and vegetables . (id259)
bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour . (id260)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id261)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id262)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id263)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id264)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id265)
