the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id1)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id2)
building is located in location . (id3)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is parentcompany . it originates in the country which is lead by leadername . (id4)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater . (id5)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id6)
owner own building in location , country . (id7)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id8)
barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from country , where the national language is french and leadername and gerard larcher . (id9)
building is in country . (id10)
the main ingredients of food are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id11)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id12)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id13)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id14)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id15)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id16)
airport is located in location . (id17)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id18)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id19)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id20)
edwin e aldrin jr ( more usually known as buzz ) , has retired . he was born in birthplace on 20 january 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a scd and became a fighter pilot and became a crew member on was a crew member of . (id21)
the university in city , state , country has academicstaffsize academic staff . state has mahe , country to its northwest . the river is a river in country and largestcity is its largest city . (id22)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battles and uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and transportaircraft transport aircraft . (id23)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id24)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id25)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id26)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id27)
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by the author john cowper powys . (id28)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id29)
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew . (id30)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id31)
the monument is made with rock . (id32)
astronaut was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of mission ( for which backup pilot was the backup pilot ) . in total , bean spent 100305 minutes in space . (id33)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id34)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id35)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government . (id36)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id37)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id38)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id39)
the champions of the united states are qarabag fk . (id40)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id41)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id42)
city is in the country . (id43)
the writtenwork comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . (id44)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id45)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id46)
construction of building , location , began in january 2014 . the building has floorcount floors , a floor area of floorarea and cost 110 million dollars . (id47)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id48)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id49)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id50)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id51)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id52)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id53)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id54)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id55)
city is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . (id56)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id57)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id58)
leadername is the leader of location which is part of awadh and ispartof . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . (id59)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id60)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . astronaut retired on 1 august 1974 . (id61)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id62)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id63)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id64)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id65)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id66)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id67)
university is in the state of state which has the has to its west to the west and the has to its west to the west . the school was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . (id68)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id69)
astronaut , formerly a crew member of was a crew member of retired in dateofretirement . (id70)
the book writtenwork comes from the u . s , the capital of this country is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english , same as in spokenin . (id71)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id72)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id73)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id74)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id75)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id76)
food is a food found in country where language is spoken . (id77)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id78)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id79)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id80)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id81)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id82)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is part of kimberly , wisconsin . (id83)
the ataturk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in location . (id84)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id85)
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername . (id86)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id87)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id88)
the main ingredients of food , a dish from the country , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id89)
food is a dish from region , where english is the spoken language . the leader of country is leadername . (id90)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id91)
building was added to the national register of historic places on " added to the national register of historic places " . (id92)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of with commander commander . (id93)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , after graduating from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . (id94)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id95)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id96)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is part of kimberly , wisconsin . (id97)
airport is located in punjab , country and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is operated by the country civil aviation authority . leadername is one of the leaders of country . (id98)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id99)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id100)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id101)
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members . (id102)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id103)
astronaut , a test pilot , was born in birthplace and graduated from nwc with a ma in 1957 . he died in deathplace . (id104)
with an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at location ( part of the madrid community ) , in country . (id105)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id106)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of with commander commander . (id107)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id108)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id109)
astronaut won awards awards . (id110)
the leader of azerbaijan is leadername . (id111)
the mariott international hotel in location is a tenant of building and was designed by architect . (id112)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id113)
the coden code for the writtenwork , abbreviated to abbreviation , is coden_code . (id114)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id115)
the operatingorganisation fought in the korean war , bombed libya in 1986 and operates al asad airbase . (id116)
the architecture style of building , located in location and constructed between buildingstartdate and completiondate is tudor and jacobean . (id117)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id118)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id119)
the monument is located in location . (id120)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id121)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id122)
the writtenwork is the academic discipline of academicdiscipline which is part of the family family . (id123)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id124)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id125)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id126)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id127)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id128)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id129)
potter county is in state state . (id130)
astronaut is a us national who was a member of the was a crew member of crew ( operated by operator ) . the back up pilot was backup pilot . (id131)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id132)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id133)
genus is the genus of persea . (id134)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id135)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id136)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id137)
airport serves the city of appleton in location . both grand chute and menasha are parts of greenville . (id138)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id139)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id140)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id141)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id142)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id143)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id144)
food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id145)
massimo drago plays for club . (id146)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id147)
the area code for city is areacode . (id148)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id149)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id150)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id151)
dishvariation is a variation of arem arem , which if found nationwide in indonesia but is more specific to java . its main ingredients are compressed rice , which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id152)
the key person of the bbc is keyperson . (id153)
leadername is the leader of the country where the capital city is capital . the writtenwork is published in the uk by publisher . (id154)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id155)
marv wolfman won the award . (id156)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id157)
city is part of ispartof . (id158)
the university in location , country was established in established . it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is leadername . (id159)
