building is located in location , where ethnic groups include the asian south africans and the ethnicgroup . the capital of location is capital . (id1)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id2)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id3)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id4)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id5)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id6)
the capital of south africa is capital . (id7)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id8)
barny cakes can be found in country , where two of the leaders are , gerard larcher and leadername . (id9)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id10)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id11)
the leader of japan is leadername . (id12)
the headquarter is the headquarters of the operatingorganisation who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in location which is led by the leadertitle . (id13)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id14)
with a runway length of runwaylength airport serves the city of abilene in texas . cityserved is part of ispartof in the country . (id15)
the 2nd runway at airport is made of 2nd_runway_surfacetype , which is of the order order . (id16)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id17)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id18)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id19)
creator created the comic book character called comicscharacter , whose alternative name is also comicscharacter . (id20)
leadername is the leader in indonesia . (id21)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id22)
airport ( icao_location_identifier ) is in location . the operatingorganisation is located there . (id23)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id24)
john buscema won the award . (id25)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id26)
astronaut was a crew member on the was a crew member of mission along with backup pilot as backup pilot and commander as the commander . astronaut then retired in 1969 . (id27)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id28)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id29)
building , located on 23rd street manhattan , was added to the national register of historic places april 23 , 1980 and has reference number : referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id30)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id31)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id32)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id33)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id34)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id35)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id36)
the monument is made with rock . (id37)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id38)
building is located in location . (id39)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id40)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id41)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id42)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id43)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id44)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id45)
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup . (id46)
japan has an ethnic group called ethnicgroup . (id47)
airport ( icao_location_identifier ) is in location . the operatingorganisation is located there . (id48)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id49)
the leader of country is phillipe of country . cityserved , country is served by cityserved international airport . (id50)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id51)
