food and sandesh are both desserts . (id1)
the area code for city is areacode . (id2)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id3)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id4)
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup . (id5)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id6)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id7)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic . (id8)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id9)
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length . (id10)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id11)
airport , located in location , ispartof , has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . location has a part of awadh and ispartof . (id12)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id13)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id14)
the leader of azerbaijan is leadername . (id15)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id16)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id17)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id18)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id19)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id20)
astronaut was born in glen ridge , ispartof , usa . leadername is the leader of birthplace . (id21)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id22)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id23)
writtenwork , written by author , has the oclc number oclc_number and isbn number isbn_number . it is published in mediatype . (id24)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id25)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id26)
sandesh and food are both desserts . food contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order plant order . (id27)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id28)
food is from the region region . (id29)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id30)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id31)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id32)
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y . (id33)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id34)
the leader of aarhus is leadername . (id35)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id36)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id37)
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country . (id38)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id39)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id40)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id41)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id42)
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id43)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id44)
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . (id45)
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter . (id46)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id47)
the capital of denmark is capital . (id48)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id49)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id50)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id51)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id52)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id53)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id54)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id55)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id56)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id57)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id58)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id59)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id60)
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast . (id61)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id62)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id63)
gus poyet ' s club is sportsteam . (id64)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id65)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id66)
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " . (id67)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id68)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id69)
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . (id70)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id71)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id72)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id73)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id74)
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername . (id75)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id76)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id77)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id78)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id79)
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id80)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id81)
building is located in gujarat , location , country , where gujarat is lead by leadername . (id82)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id83)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id84)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of oclc_number and the lccn number isbn_number . (id85)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id86)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id87)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id88)
food originates from the antioquia region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae family . (id89)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id90)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id91)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id92)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id93)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id94)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id95)
food is from the region region . (id96)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and they play in league which has a previous champion of champions . (id97)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id98)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id99)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id100)
like demonym , food can be found in country . where the capital is capital and leadername is one of the country ' s leaders . italian is the language spoken in country . (id101)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id102)
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup . (id103)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id104)
astronaut died in deathplace . (id105)
abbreviation journal has the coden code coden_code . and is often abbreviated as abbreviation . (id106)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id107)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id108)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id109)
the monument is a contributing property located in location , with franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . (id110)
building are located in location , new york in the country . the leader of ispartof , part of location , is cyrus vance jr . (id111)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id112)
building is located in location . (id113)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id114)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id115)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id116)
saranac lake , new york is part of ispartof . (id117)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id118)
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters . (id119)
writtenwork by author comes in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id120)
leadername is the leader of denmark . (id121)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id122)
afc ground is located in ground where the leader is the leader . stuart parker , who has managed afc blackpool , has represented the club kv mechelen and also has managed afc ground . (id123)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id124)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id125)
food originates from country where the currency is the euro . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of country and the language spoken is spanish . (id126)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id127)
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground . (id128)
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 . (id129)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id130)
sportsteam stands for " fullname " . they competed in the season season and have numberofmembers members . (id131)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id132)
astronaut , born in birthplace , is an american who was a member of the was a crew member of crew , which was operated by operator . he is now retired . (id133)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id134)
the main ingredients of food are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id135)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id136)
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter . (id137)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam and is located in country . (id138)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id139)
one of the sports offered at the university is tennis , whose governing body is the sportsgoverningbody . (id140)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id141)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id142)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id143)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id144)
ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states . (id145)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id146)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government . (id147)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id148)
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam . (id149)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id150)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id151)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id152)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id153)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number . (id154)
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number . (id155)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id156)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id157)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id158)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id159)
the main ingredients in food from region , country , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id160)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id161)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id162)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id163)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id164)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id165)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id166)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id167)
the university ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city , country , 560090 . it was established in established and its motto is " motto " . it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id168)
dishvariation can be added to bionico . (id169)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id170)
lee state is in the state of state , in the state of state . (id171)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id172)
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength . (id173)
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym . (id174)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id175)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id176)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id177)
the leadertitle leads city . (id178)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id179)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id180)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id181)
food comes from the country of country . it is a variation of siomay and dishvariation ( which include shitake mushrooms ) . (id182)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id183)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id184)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id185)
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander . (id186)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id187)
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county . (id188)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id189)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id190)
architect was born in birthplace and is the architect of many buildings including the building , the los angeles herald examiner , significantproject and significantbuilding . (id191)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id192)
with a runway length of runwaylength airport serves the city of abilene in texas . cityserved is part of ispartof in the country . (id193)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id194)
building is located in location whose leader is the leadertitle . (id195)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id196)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id197)
the monument , found in location , is dedicated to the dedicatedto . leader is the leader of location . (id198)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id199)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id200)
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant . (id201)
a . d . isidro metapan play at the estadio jorge calero suarez in the salvadoran primera division league . (id202)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id203)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id204)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id205)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id206)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id207)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id208)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id209)
