food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id1)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the country . (id2)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id3)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id4)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id5)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id6)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id7)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id8)
food is from either france , the region region . it includes meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id9)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id10)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id11)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id12)
the monument is made with rock . (id13)
food is from the region region . (id14)
building is located in location . referencenumber in the national register of historic places is it ' s reference number in the national register of historic places . (id15)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id16)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id17)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id18)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id19)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id20)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id21)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id22)
building is located in the eastern province , country , where leadername is a key leader . (id23)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id24)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id25)
astronaut won awards awards . (id26)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id27)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . the abbreviation of the writtenwork is abbreviation . (id28)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id29)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id30)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id31)
the operating organization for airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in headquarter . (id32)
astronaut was a student at the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the compete in . astronaut died in deathplace . (id33)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id34)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id35)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , where the capital is capital , the official language is italian and the leader is leader . (id36)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id37)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id38)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id39)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id40)
the leadertitle leads city . (id41)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id42)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id43)
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level . (id44)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id45)
food is a dish made in china and also found in region . capital is the capital of the country and leadername is a leader . (id46)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id47)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id48)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id49)
city is part of ispartof . (id50)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . like in spokenin , english is also spoken in the country . (id51)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id52)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id53)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the country which is inhabited by demonym , where the leader is leader . (id54)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id55)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id56)
the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location granted technical campus status to the university in the city of city which is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by , located in location . (id57)
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup . (id58)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id59)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , a class classed member of the order of order , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . (id60)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id61)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id62)
building was in augurated on inaugurationdate . (id63)
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername . (id64)
writtenwork was written in the country where the capital city is washington d . c . additionally , ethnicgroup are one of the ethnic minorities in the country . (id65)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id66)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id67)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id68)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id69)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id70)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id71)
part is part of amsterdam . (id72)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id73)
writtenwork was written by author . it is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id74)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id75)
the building at 142 nakadori has floorcount floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th september 201floorcount . (id76)
language is spoken in mexico . (id77)
airport is located in location . (id78)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id79)
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling . (id80)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id81)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id82)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id83)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id84)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id85)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id86)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id87)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id88)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id89)
albany is located in the city of city . (id90)
arem arem has its origins in indonesian speaking , region . (id91)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it was designed by designer . the capital of location is capital . (id92)
airport is 3 . 3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt . (id93)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id94)
building is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of ispartof in country . filipinos are one ethic group in country . (id95)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id96)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id97)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id98)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id99)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id100)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id101)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id102)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id103)
astronaut , a test pilot , was born in birthplace and graduated from nwc with a ma in 1957 . he died in deathplace . (id104)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id105)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id106)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id107)
the country food come from is country , where joko widodo and leadername are leaders . (id108)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id109)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id110)
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the country . (id111)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id112)
writtenwork by j . v . jones was produced in mediatype and has an isbn number of isbn_number . (id113)
there are floorcount floors at building . (id114)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id115)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id116)
writtenwork is from the country therefore is written in english . (id117)
there are floorcount floors at building . (id118)
the monument is located in location . (id119)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id120)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id121)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id122)
the leadertitle leads city . (id123)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id124)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . 2nd_runway_surfacetype is in the class class and belongs to the order order . (id125)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id126)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id127)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id128)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id129)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id130)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id131)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id132)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id133)
barny cakes can be found in country , where two of the leaders are , gerard larcher and leadername . (id134)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id135)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id136)
the leader of japan is leadername . (id137)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id138)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id139)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id140)
airport is located in location , country where largestcity is the largest city and the language is spoken . the capital city is austin . (id141)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id142)
the writtenwork was published by publisher in the country . (id143)
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id144)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id145)
the university in city , country is affiliated to the affiliation . it was established in the year established and has b m reddy as president . the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id146)
astronaut joined operator and became a crew member of was a crew member of along with backup pilot and commander . (id147)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id148)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id149)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id150)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id151)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id152)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id153)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id154)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id155)
leadername is the leader of location which is part of awadh and ispartof . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . (id156)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id157)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id158)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id159)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id160)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id161)
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 . (id162)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id164)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id165)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id166)
dishvariation is a variation of siomay . (id167)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id168)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id169)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battles and uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and transportaircraft transport aircraft . (id170)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id171)
the area code for city is areacode . (id172)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id173)
astronaut was an american astronaut , born on november 18th , 1923 , in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and died in deathplace . (id174)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id175)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id176)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id177)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id178)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id179)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id180)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id181)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id182)
the monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , location , country . it was established in the year established and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county of maryland to its southeast . (id183)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id184)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id185)
gus poyet ' s club is sportsteam . (id186)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id187)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id188)
afc ground ground is in ground , has numberofmembers members , played in the 2014 - 15 north west counties football league season , and has the full name " fullname " . (id189)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id190)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id191)
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . (id192)
building is located in country , whose capital is capital . (id193)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id194)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id195)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id196)
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername . (id197)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id198)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id199)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id200)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id201)
writtenwork , or , abbreviation , has a issn number of issn_number and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id202)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id203)
building is located in gujarat , location , country , where gujarat is lead by leadername . (id204)
writtenwork by author was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id205)
food is a type of dessert from country . it contains sour cream . (id206)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has the oclc number of oclc_number and the lccn number isbn_number . (id207)
the comic character of bolt , whose alternative name is alternativename , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon . (id208)
sportsteam ' s full name is fullname . they played in the azerbaijan premierleague , 2014 - 15 and have numberofmembers members . (id209)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id210)
food originates from the antioquia region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae family . (id211)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id212)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id213)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id214)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id215)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id216)
the monument is made from rock and is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id217)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id218)
the llocano people and the ethnicgroup are ethnic groups from the country , where language is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish . (id219)
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from region which is where food comes from . food contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in country . (id220)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id221)
writtenwork ( which can be abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number issn_number . (id222)
city is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . (id223)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id224)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id225)
leadername is the leader of location which is part of awadh and ispartof . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . (id226)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id227)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . astronaut retired on 1 august 1974 . (id228)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id229)
food is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id230)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id231)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id232)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id233)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id234)
university is in the state of state which has the has to its west to the west and the has to its west to the west . the school was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . (id235)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id236)
astronaut , formerly a crew member of was a crew member of retired in dateofretirement . (id237)
the book writtenwork comes from the u . s , the capital of this country is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english , same as in spokenin . (id238)
the university is located in country . country ' s leader is prime minister leadername and its capital is capital . its ethnic group is the germans of country and its patron saint is patronsaint . (id239)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id240)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id241)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id242)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id243)
food is a food found in country where language is spoken . (id244)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id245)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id246)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id247)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id248)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id249)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is part of kimberly , wisconsin . (id250)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id251)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id252)
allama iqbal international airport is located in location where leadername is a leader . (id253)
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 . (id254)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id255)
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert . (id256)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id257)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id258)
the capital of south africa is capital . (id259)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id260)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id261)
architect was the architect of the building , which can be found in location . (id262)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 23 july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater and died in st louis . (id263)
city is located east of the has to its west and is affiliated with the affiliation . it is the location of the university in the city of city . (id264)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id265)
airport is located in the ispartof in the location . (id266)
sportsteam are managed by manager who played for the club and is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id267)
massimo drago plays for club . (id268)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id269)
the area code for city is areacode . (id270)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id271)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id272)
writtenwork was written in country , where white people live , and published by publisher between precededby and followedby . (id273)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id274)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id275)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id276)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id277)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id278)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id279)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id280)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id281)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id282)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id283)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id284)
the area code for city is areacode . (id285)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id286)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id287)
food is a food found in country and leadername is it ' s leader . (id288)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id289)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id290)
food is from country ( felipe vi is the leader ) , from the region of the region , the leader of which is ximo puig . demonym is the name given to people from region . (id291)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id292)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id293)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id294)
capital is the capital city in the uk . (id295)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id296)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id297)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id298)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id299)
building is located in location , capital , and the leader is leadername of the white south africans . (id300)
tony tan and leadername are leaders in region , a country where english is spoken . food comes from region . it is also a popular food in country . (id301)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id302)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id303)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id304)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id305)
massimo drago plays for club . (id306)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id307)
the currenttenants are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in location , country which was designed by the architect robert a m stern . (id308)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id309)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id310)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id311)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id312)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id313)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id314)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id315)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id316)
country is the country food comes from . ethnic groups there include the moro and llocano people . languages spoken are officiallanguage and language . (id317)
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number . (id318)
dishvariation is a dessert , as is food which contains raisins . (id319)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id320)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id321)
writtenwork , with an oclc number of oclc_number , is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number , and its oclc number is oclc_number . (id322)
the capital of denmark is capital . (id323)
building is located in the location , where the language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is asians . the leadertitle is the most important leader , and leadername is also a leader . (id324)
astronaut was an american astronaut , born on november 18th , 1923 , in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and died in deathplace . (id325)
leadername is the leader of india . (id326)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id327)
the monument is a contributing property located in location , with franklin county to its west and cumberland county to its north . (id328)
saranac lake , new york is part of ispartof . (id329)
the leadertitle leads city . (id330)
a . c . cesena plays in ground and is also the in the league league , and the champions won the championship league division . (id331)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id332)
sportsteam is located in location . (id333)
food is from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id334)
sportsteam play in the league league which is from country . (id335)
the runway length of airport , location , is runwaylength . (id336)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id337)
fullname ( abbreviated to sportsteam ) has numberofmembers members . (id338)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id339)
writtenwork ( abbreviation ) has a coden code of " coden_code " and a lccn number of lccn_number . (id340)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and they play in the league league . (id341)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id342)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id343)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id344)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id345)
stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for club . (id346)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id347)
keyperson is the key person for the broadcastedby which broadcast comicscharacter and has its home at locationcity in london . (id348)
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y . (id349)
