the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id1)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id2)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic . (id3)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id4)
the comic character auron , whose full name is fullname , was created by marv wolfman and creator . (id5)
john buscema won the award . (id6)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id7)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id8)
writtenwork was written in the country where the main language is english ( originated in spokenin ) . natives americans are an ethnic group of the us . (id9)
city is part of ispartof . (id10)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id11)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id12)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id13)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id14)
leadername is the name of the leader of greece . (id15)
barny cakes contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id16)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id17)
astronaut is a us national . (id18)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id19)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id20)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id21)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id22)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which was preceded by the novel castle and followed by above the veil . (id23)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id24)
astronaut ( born in birthplace ) went to the almamater and died in deathplace on 1966 - 02 - 08 . (id25)
the leader of country is phillipe of country . cityserved , country is served by cityserved international airport . (id26)
barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from country , where the national language is french and leadername and gerard larcher . (id27)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id28)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id29)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa . he died in deathplace on the 21st july 1998 . (id30)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id31)
the impact factor of writtenwork is impactfactor . (id32)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id33)
the monument is located in location . (id34)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id35)
the monument is made with rock . (id36)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id37)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id38)
followedby was written in english and was followed by followedby . (id39)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . a . s . roma played in serie a in 2014 - 15 . (id40)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id41)
" alternativename " , also known as blockbuster , is a comic character created by roger stern and creator . (id42)
building is located in location , country , where the leader is called leadername . (id43)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id44)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id45)
publisher is in city and their nickname is nickname . they are the publisher of writtenwork and are affiliated with the affiliation . (id46)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id47)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id48)
the leader of country is prime minister leadername . the capital city is capital but the university is located in the city of city in the country . (id49)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . (id50)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id51)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id52)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id53)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id54)
publisher , state , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of writtenwork . (id55)
city is located within the country . (id56)
the university in city , country is affiliated with the affiliation . (id57)
the building is in the country of country ( leader : leadername ) . location is home to the building and the ispartof . (id58)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id59)
the area code for city is areacode . (id60)
food is a dish from the region region of country and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id61)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id62)
airport is located in location , where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is largestcity . demonym is the name given to citizens of location , where the state capital is austin . (id63)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id64)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby and followed by followedby which is written in english . (id65)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id66)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id67)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id68)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id69)
food is from either france , the region region . it includes meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . (id70)
the address of building is address , gujarat , location , country . (id71)
runwayname is the name of the runway at country international airport in icolo e bengo , country . (id72)
city is part of ispartof . (id73)
the country civil aviation authority governs the airport , which serves the city of cityserved and is located in punjab country . cityserved is located in country where the leader is leadername . (id74)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id75)
author is the author of weymouth sands . (id76)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id77)
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby . (id78)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id79)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id80)
california is in the country . (id81)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id82)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id83)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id84)
the monument is made with rock . (id85)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id86)
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . (id87)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id88)
astronaut was born on july 23rd , 1927 in birthplace and died in deathplace on july 21 , 1998 . (id89)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id90)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id91)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country , where leadername is the leader . (id92)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id93)
writtenwork was written by author . (id94)
food comes from country where the leader is leadername . it is also served in region where they speak chinese and carrie lam is the leader . (id95)
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup . (id96)
building was constructed in the tudor revival style between buildingstartdate and completiondate in location . (id97)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id98)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id99)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id100)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id101)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id102)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id103)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is a member of the order of order and in the class of class . (id104)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id105)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id106)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id107)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the country where the leader is leadername . the country is the origin of the book writtenwork which was written in english , as spoken in spokenin . (id108)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which is examples of austrlian literature . (id109)
city is part of ispartof . (id110)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id111)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id112)
building is located in location , in country , where the leaders are narendra modi and leadername . (id113)
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group . (id114)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id115)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id116)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id117)
lahore is located in country . (id118)
the university , governed by the sportsgoverningbody , was established in established . the governing body for tennis is the sportsgoverningbody . (id119)
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest . (id120)
food is a food found in country where language is spoken . (id121)
the building is located in location ; ispartof , country . (id122)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id123)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id124)
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " . (id125)
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for sportsteam . (id126)
chicago is part of ispartof . (id127)
sportsteam is owned by sportsteam n . v . and has numberofmembers members . (id128)
building ' s address is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , haputhale , sri lanka . (id129)
building was completed in completiondate . (id130)
building is in country . (id131)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id132)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id133)
airport can be found in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called runwayname . (id134)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id135)
the fossil is a fossil from the azerbaijan premier league . (id136)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id137)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id138)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id139)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id140)
creator created the comic book character called comicscharacter , whose alternative name is also comicscharacter . (id141)
leadername is the leader in indonesia . (id142)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id143)
airport ( icao_location_identifier ) is in location . the operatingorganisation is located there . (id144)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id145)
john buscema won the award . (id146)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id147)
astronaut was a crew member on the was a crew member of mission along with backup pilot as backup pilot and commander as the commander . astronaut then retired in 1969 . (id148)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id149)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id150)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id151)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id152)
the university has numberofstudents students and was established in established . it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id153)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id154)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id155)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id156)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id157)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id158)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id159)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id160)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id161)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id162)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number . (id163)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id164)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id165)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id166)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id167)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id168)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id169)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id170)
building is located in region , country . (id171)
airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level , and its operators are in operatingorganisation . (id172)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building , that is situated in location and owned by the college of william and mary . (id173)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id174)
food is a food found in country . country ' s leader is leadername and the currency is the country . (id175)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id176)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id177)
jens hartel plays for club . (id178)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id179)
airport is in location , atlantic county , country . the airport has a runway length of 1873 . (id180)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id181)
country is the country food comes from . ethnic groups there include the moro and llocano people . languages spoken are officiallanguage and language . (id182)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and its ground is located in ground . they play in league league where carpi 1909 are previous champions . (id183)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id184)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id185)
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located . (id186)
sportsteam play in the league league which is from country . (id187)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id188)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id189)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id190)
the writtenwork is the academic discipline of academicdiscipline which is part of the family family . (id191)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id192)
ingredient are an ingredient in the bakewell tart . (id193)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id194)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id195)
astronaut , aka alternativenames , was a crew member of was a crew member of and was established in established . (id196)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id197)
potter county is in state state . (id198)
astronaut is a us national who was a member of the was a crew member of crew ( operated by operator ) . the back up pilot was backup pilot . (id199)
food is a dish from country that is made with tomatoes , guanciale , and olive oil . (id200)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id201)
genus is the genus of persea . (id202)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id203)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id204)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id205)
airport serves the city of appleton in location . both grand chute and menasha are parts of greenville . (id206)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id207)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id208)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id209)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id210)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id211)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id212)
food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id213)
massimo drago plays for club . (id214)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id215)
airport is located in location , country . its runway name is runwayname . (id216)
greek is spoken in greece . (id217)
dishvariation is a dessert , as is food which contains raisins . (id218)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id219)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id220)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id221)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id222)
building is in haputale , country . the capital of country is capital , the main language is tamil and the currency is the currency . (id223)
the leadertitle leads city . (id224)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id225)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id226)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id227)
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam . (id228)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id229)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id230)
building is located in location , ispartof , country , where leadername is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is the ethnicgroup . (id231)
the utc offset in the country is the church of country . (id232)
lemon comes from the plant order order . (id233)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id234)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . there are 16 , 000 students and academicstaffsize academic staff . (id235)
writtenwork is in print and has numberofpages pages and the isbn number isbn_number . (id236)
alan b miller hall was completed on completiondate in location , country . the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id237)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id238)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id239)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id240)
leadername is a leader in the location where the capital city is capital . the country is the location of building and the native people are known as british and the currency is the pound sterling . (id241)
the university is located in location , country . it was established in established and it has numberofstudents students . the leader of country is federal chancellor leadername . (id242)
author is the author of weymouth sands . (id243)
the total area of city is 75 . 324 square km . (id244)
building was completed in completiondate . (id245)
leadername and t . s . thakur are leaders in country where the people are called indians . it is also where food originates from . (id246)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id247)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id248)
astronaut was born in birthplace and became a test pilot . he was a crew member of operator operated was a crew member of . (id249)
the runway name of ardmore airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in new zealand , is runwayname , its length is runwaylength and the surface is made of poaceae . (id250)
comicscharacter is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring and was created by steve t . seagle and duncan rouleau , an american . (id251)
the oclc number of writtenwork penned by author is oclc_number . (id252)
building was built in yearofconstruction . (id253)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id254)
leadername is a leader in region . beef kway teow is also from country . (id255)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id256)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id257)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id258)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id259)
the key person of the bbc is keyperson . (id260)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he died in deathplace . (id261)
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id262)
food is a mexican dish from the region region , where aristoteles sandoval is a leader . food is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id263)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28th 1966 . he was a student at the almamater . (id264)
astronaut was born in birthplace and is dead . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id265)
california is in the country . (id266)
the oclc number of writtenwork penned by author is oclc_number . (id267)
the aids journal is published in the country by lippincott , williams & wilkins . the leader of the uk is leadername . (id268)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id269)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id270)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id271)
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen was architect and the architect was architect . (id272)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id273)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id274)
the monument is made with rock . (id275)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id276)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id277)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id278)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . (id279)
al asad airbase is operated by the operatingorganisation who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the transportaircraft as transport aircraft , and the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id280)
astronaut died in deathplace where senators was the senator representing the state . (id281)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and play in the league , which champions were champions . (id282)
the building of building began in buildingstartdate . (id283)
the capital of new jersey is newark . (id284)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id285)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id286)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id287)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id288)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id289)
the airport is in location , which is in ispartof . the airport serves appleton , wisconsin and greenville is part of menasha , wisconsin . (id290)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id291)
in ispartof we have abilene which is usually served by the abilene regional airport , located in the united states . (id292)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id293)
the capital of new jersey is newark . (id294)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id295)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id296)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id297)
writtenwork was written in country and published by publisher . it was followed by followedby . (id298)
building is located in buffalo , ispartof , in erie county . (id299)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . (id300)
numberofmembers member club sportsteam plays in ground in league . (id301)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id302)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id303)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id304)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id305)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id306)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id307)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id308)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id309)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id310)
city is located within the country . (id311)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id312)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id313)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id314)
city is part of ispartof . (id315)
the monument is made with rock . (id316)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id317)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id318)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id319)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id320)
leadername is the leader of the united states . (id321)
the university is located in country and its latin name is " latinname " . it ' s rector is rector . (id322)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id323)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id324)
ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states . (id325)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id326)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government . (id327)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id328)
manager is attached to the club club and manages sportsteam . (id329)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id330)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id331)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id332)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id333)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number . (id334)
the eissn number of the writtenwork is eissn_number . (id335)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id336)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id337)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id338)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id339)
the main ingredients in food from region , country , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id340)
food is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others . (id341)
the comic character auron ' s full name is fullname , . (id342)
the university in country has a staff of academicstaffsize and numberofstudents students . the dean is dean . the country ' s dean is dean . (id343)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id344)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id345)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id346)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id347)
the university ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city , country , 560090 . it was established in established and its motto is " motto " . it has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id348)
dishvariation can be added to bionico . (id349)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id350)
lee state is in the state of state , in the state of state . (id351)
the coden code for writtenwork is " coden_code " . (id352)
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength . (id353)
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym . (id354)
the leader of country is leadername , the capital city is capital and the language spoken there is english . the country is the origin of the food . (id355)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id356)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id357)
the leadertitle leads city . (id358)
airport serves the city of lake placid , ispartof , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , country . (id359)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id360)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id361)
food comes from the country of country . it is a variation of siomay and dishvariation ( which include shitake mushrooms ) . (id362)
food ( or tart ) originates from the ispartof dales , ispartof . it includes frangipane . (id363)
