ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states . (id1)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id2)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id3)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id4)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id5)
writtenwork was written in country , where white people live , and published by publisher between precededby and followedby . (id6)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id7)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id8)
the runway length of airport , location , is runwaylength . (id9)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id10)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id11)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id12)
city is part of ispartof . (id13)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id14)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id15)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id16)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id17)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id18)
a flowering plant includes the division of almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco . (id19)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id20)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id21)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id22)
the address of building is address , gujarat , location , country . (id23)
astronaut was born in birthplace and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot who was also a crew member of the operator operated was a crew member of . he is now retired . the commander of was a crew member of was commander . (id24)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id25)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id26)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id27)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id28)
the owner of the building is owner and the owner is owner . (id29)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id30)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id31)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id32)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id33)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id34)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the lccn number lccn_number and the issn number issn_number . the abbreviation of the writtenwork is abbreviation . (id35)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id36)
city has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . (id37)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id38)
the operating organization for airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in headquarter . (id39)
astronaut was a student at the almamater , which is affiliated to the university of texas system and is competing in the compete in . astronaut died in deathplace . (id40)
manager played for the club . he now plays for s . s . chieti calcio and manages sportsteam . (id41)
writtenwork was written by author and is available in print form . (id42)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , where the capital is capital , the official language is italian and the leader is leader . (id43)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id44)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id45)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id46)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id47)
the leadertitle leads city . (id48)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order order . (id49)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id50)
airport is owned by the owner and operated by the flemish government . it is located 12 metres above sea level . (id51)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id52)
food is a dish made in china and also found in region . capital is the capital of the country and leadername is a leader . (id53)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id54)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id55)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id56)
city is part of ispartof . (id57)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is the leader and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . like in spokenin , english is also spoken in the country . (id58)
building is located in gujarat , location , in country , whose leader is leadername . (id59)
the university in country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . it was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post graduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id60)
the ground of sportsteam is located in ground , the country which is inhabited by demonym , where the leader is leader . (id61)
astronaut was a test pilot who was born in birthplace . he died in deathplace . (id62)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id63)
the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location granted technical campus status to the university in the city of city which is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by , located in location . (id64)
the country is lead by leadername and uses the language , which is also used in spokenin . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the ethnicgroup . (id65)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id66)
2nd_runway_surfacetype , a class classed member of the order of order , is the surface type of the second runway of ardmore airport , new zealand . (id67)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 17th of october , 1933 . he graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 and served as a crew member on was a crew member of . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . (id68)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id69)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground and the club has numberofmembers members . (id70)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id71)
food can be chocolate flavoured . it was made in apple and contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id72)
ingredient is an ingredient in food which comes from the country . (id73)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id74)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id75)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id76)
airport serves the city of cityserved . the runway named 06 / 24 kaagbaan is runwaylength long . the airport is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) above sea level . (id77)
aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the country where david cameron is a leader along with leadername . (id78)
the alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh . (id79)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id80)
sportsteam ' s full name is " sportsteam " . (id81)
airport is located in location . (id82)
food comes from the country of country . it is a variation of siomay and dishvariation ( which include shitake mushrooms ) . (id83)
the university is located in country , it has numberofstudents students and dean is its dean . (id84)
the architect of building is architect . (id85)
airport is operated by operatingorganisation , it is 211m above sea level . (id86)
leadername is a leader in region . beef kway teow is also from country . (id87)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id88)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id89)
contra costa county is part of the ispartof . (id90)
demonym are the people who live in italy . (id91)
food come from country where leadername leads the demonym . (id92)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id93)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id94)
city is part of ispartof . (id95)
writtenwork was written by author . (id96)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id97)
french is one of the languages spoken in belgium . (id98)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id99)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id100)
food is a dish from the region of region and includes gram flour and vegetables . (id101)
leadername and t . s . thakur are leaders in country where the people are called indians . it is also where food originates from . (id102)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id103)
paracuellos de jarama is part of ispartof . (id104)
owner own building in location , country . (id105)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id106)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id107)
the ground for aek athens fc is the ground located in location . (id108)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id109)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id110)
comicscharacter was first broadcast by broadcastedby on 3 october 1983 and starred starring . it was created by creator . (id111)
the university has numberofstudents students and was established in established . it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id112)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id113)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id114)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id115)
writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id116)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients in a food are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id117)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id118)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id119)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id120)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id121)
writtenwork is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " and the lccn number of lccn_number . (id122)
food ( or alternativename ) is from country and contains water . (id123)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id124)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and creator . (id125)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id126)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id127)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id128)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id129)
building is located in region , country . (id130)
airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level , and its operators are in operatingorganisation . (id131)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building , that is situated in location and owned by the college of william and mary . (id132)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id133)
food is a food found in country . country ' s leader is leadername and the currency is the country . (id134)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . it is easily reachable from maryland , having carrol county to its southeast , and cumberland county to its north . (id135)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id136)
jens hartel plays for club . (id137)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id138)
airport is in location , atlantic county , country . the airport has a runway length of 1873 . (id139)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id140)
country is the country food comes from . ethnic groups there include the moro and llocano people . languages spoken are officiallanguage and language . (id141)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and its ground is located in ground . they play in league league where carpi 1909 are previous champions . (id142)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id143)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id144)
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located . (id145)
sportsteam play in the league league which is from country . (id146)
writtenwork was written in country where white people are an ethnic group . (id147)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id148)
californian born architect architect designed the building as well as being behind chinatown in san francisco and the riverside art museum . (id149)
the olympic stadium in location is where the aek location football club play . (id150)
buzz aldrin graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the was a crew member of mission was organized by operator . (id151)
bill oddies stars in comicscharacter , broadcasted by the broadcastedby . (id152)
south jersey transportation authority ' s house of representatives is the title . (id153)
the monument is located in location . (id154)
building has the tudor revival architectural style , and it is located in location . (id155)
airport is located in location , country , where largestcity is the largest city and the capital is austin . (id156)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id157)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id158)
sportsteam play in the league league , which is based in country and also competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c league . (id159)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , first published in firstpublicationyear about academicdiscipline , has an issn number issn_number . (id160)
food is a food found in country . country ' s leader is leadername and the currency is the country . (id161)
city is part of ispartof . (id162)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id163)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id164)
building is owned by owner and is located in location , country . the lord mayor of the city is criona ni dhalaigh . (id165)
the main ingredients in arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . it comes from the valencian community region of country . (id166)
author ' s novel writtenwork , printed in hardcover , has numberofpages pages . the isbn code is isbn_number . (id167)
designer designed the ataturk monument , which was inaugurated july 27 , 1932 in izmir , location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the currency . (id168)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial ( known locally as nativename ) has been dedicated to dedicatedto . it was designed by designer and is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id169)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id170)
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id171)
food is from country . (id172)
the sportsteam club is located in location where nikos voutsis and leader are leaders . (id173)
airport serves the city of cityserved which is in country , where the leader is charles michel . the leadername leads and has jurisdiction of the jurisdiction . (id174)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id175)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id176)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id177)
