the leadertitle leads city . (id1)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id2)
the architect of building is architect . (id3)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id4)
food is a dish from the region of region , the country . mainingredients and ingredient are main ingredients . (id5)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id6)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id7)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id8)
food is a dessert found in country . the leader of region is leadername and cake is also a dessert . (id9)
the tenant of the building , which has floorcount floors , is tenant . (id10)
the food has its origins in the country , home to ethnicgroup . the u . s . has leader leadername with its capital in washington d . c . (id11)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id12)
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there . (id13)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id14)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id15)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id16)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id17)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id18)
astronaut , deceased . was born in birthplace on july 23 , 1927 . (id19)
food should be served " servingtemperature " . (id20)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername . it is dedicated to the dedicatedto . (id21)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id22)
the sportsteam club is located in location . national leaders are alexis tsipras and leader , and the official language is greek . (id23)
the inhabitants of mexico are known as demonym . (id24)
comicscharacter , voiced by voice and created by duncan rouleau and creator , is voiced by voice . (id25)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id26)
building , location was built in tudor revival style and finished in completiondate . (id27)
st vincent - st mary high school is the ground of sportsteam , that play in the league , which champions were champions . st . vincent st . mary high school is located in country . (id28)
the comic book character bolt , with the alternative name alternativename , was created by gary cohn and paris cullins . (id29)
food is a dish found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . however , it originates from region where leadername is a leader . (id30)
city is in the country . (id31)
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader . (id32)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id33)
t s thakur and leadername are leaders in country where building is located . (id34)
afonso pena international airpor in location , is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_feet ) feet above sea level . (id35)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id36)
ingredient and mainingredients are two of the main ingredients in food , a dish that can be found in the country . (id37)
the monument is made with rock . (id38)
dublin is in the country . (id39)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id40)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id41)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id42)
marv wolfman won the award . (id43)
a . c . cesena plays in ground and is also the in the league league , and the champions won the championship league division . (id44)
the building is in country where they speak language . (id45)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id46)
building is located in the location , where the language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is asians . the leadertitle is the most important leader , and leadername is also a leader . (id47)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id48)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id49)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id50)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and they play in the league league . (id51)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id52)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id53)
astronaut is a us national . (id54)
" building is in location which is part of cuyahoga county in ispartof . the governing body of location is governingbody . " . (id55)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id56)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id57)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id58)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id59)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id60)
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby . (id61)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id62)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id63)
astronaut is a us national . (id64)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id65)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id66)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id67)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id68)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id69)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id70)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id71)
building , located in the ampara district of the eastern province , country , has bedcount beds . (id72)
the javenese people are an ethnic group in country , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . the dish originates from region , where the leader is leadername and one of the languages spoken is english . (id73)
greece ' s leader is leader . (id74)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id75)
the monument is made with rock . (id76)
the main ingredients of food , a dish from the country , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id77)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id78)
the isbn number of writtenwork is isbn_number . (id79)
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew . (id80)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id81)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id82)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id83)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id84)
champions are the champions of the league , which sportsteam compete in . the ground of which , is located in ground . (id85)
writtenwork is numberofpages pages long and isbn number is isbn_number . (id86)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id87)
writtenwork , written by author , is preceded precededby . (id88)
the mariott international hotel in location is a tenant of building and was designed by architect . (id89)
sportsteam are managed by manager and play in the league league in country . previous champions of this league are champions . (id90)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id91)
university was established in established , has numberofstudents students and is located in country . country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id92)
food includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro . (id93)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id94)
the language is spoken in spokenin and the country . leadername is the president of the us where writtenwork originates from and native americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id96)
city is part of ispartof . (id97)
washington dc is the capital of the location where the leader is known as the president . one of the leaders in the location is leadername . building is located in the location . (id98)
food is from the region region where the leader is leadername . (id99)
the olympic stadium ( location ) is located in the city of location . (id100)
writtenwork was originally published in english ( the language of spokenin ) . in the country , leadername is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . (id101)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id102)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id103)
sportsteam nickname is asa gigante . (id104)
airport is located in location , the capital of which is austin . (id105)
the main ingredients of food are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . it is popular in country and can be found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula . (id106)
writtenwork is from the country where the language is english and the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id107)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id108)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . (id109)
in new zealand , the 3rd runway at ardmore airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the order order . (id110)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id111)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id112)
the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location granted technical campus status to the university in the city of city which is governed by the sportsgoverningbody . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by , located in location . (id113)
airport is located in location which is part of awadh and ispartof . the leader there is leadername . (id114)
the capital of country is capital . two leaders in country are matteo renzi and leadername . food is a traditional sauce there . (id115)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id116)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id117)
writtenwork is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . (id118)
building is located in the location which has english as it ' s language and the ethnic group of native americans can be found . the leader of the us is titled the president and the current chief justice is leadername . (id119)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building , that is situated in location and owned by the college of william and mary . (id120)
language is spoken in mexico . (id121)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of java . (id122)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id123)
the airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . (id124)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id125)
the dessert bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof where leadername is a leader . it uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient . (id126)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id127)
building is located in location , ispartof , country and is owned by owner . dail eireann is a leader in location . (id128)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id129)
food is a dish from country , where the capital is capital and the official language is indonesian . leadername is the leader of country , where indonesian is spoken . (id130)
building is located in location , where ethnic groups include the asian south africans and the ethnicgroup . the capital of location is capital . (id131)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id132)
astronaut was born on nov 18 , 1923 in birthplace and died in deathplace . he was on the crew of was a crew member of operated by operator and retired on august 1 , 1974 . (id133)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id134)
the county of anderson is located in the country . (id135)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id136)
the capital of south africa is capital . (id137)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id138)
one of the sports offered at the university is tennis , whose governing body is the sportsgoverningbody . (id139)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id140)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id141)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id142)
the ataturk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in location . (id143)
lemon comes from the plant order order . (id144)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location . (id145)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id146)
building is in country . (id147)
airport is located at location in country in the ispartof . its runway is 3800 m long and elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) m above sea level . (id148)
the leadertitle leads city . (id149)
john van den brom plays for sportsteam . (id150)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id151)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby . (id152)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id153)
alan shephard was an american born on november 18th , 1923 in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa and he served as a crew member of was a crew member of . he died in deathplace . (id154)
the currenttenants is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall . (id155)
the usaf , which fought in the battles , operates al asad airbase . (id156)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id157)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id158)
michele marcolini has won the award . (id159)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id160)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id161)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id162)
food is found in the region of region , country . (id163)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id164)
the book writtenwork is written in english , the language spoken in spokenin . it was followed by followedby . (id165)
the operatingorganisation fought in the korean war , bombed libya in 1986 and operates al asad airbase . (id166)
building is located at location and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 . (id167)
food is a regional dish containing lemons from the region in columbia . (id168)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of . (id169)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id170)
food comes from the country where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id171)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id172)
the champions of the league is qarabag fk . sportsteam , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the ground in location . (id173)
the architect of building is architect . (id174)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id175)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id176)
the writtenwork ( abbreviation ) , published by publisher , was founded by founder . (id177)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id178)
airport serves the city of abilene in texas which is part of the u . s . a . and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id179)
the monument is located in gettysburg , location . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id180)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id181)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id182)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id183)
building is located in the eastern province , country , where leadername is a key leader . (id184)
the operatingorganisation is the operating organization for ardmore airport , new zealand . its runway name is runwayname , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . the 3rd runway there is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype . (id185)
food is a mexican dish from the region region , where aristoteles sandoval is a leader . food is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id186)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id187)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id188)
ethnicgroup are an ethnic group in the united states . (id189)
food is a dish from the region of region . it is also found in country where the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . (id190)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id191)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id192)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id193)
writtenwork was written in country , where white people live , and published by publisher between precededby and followedby . (id194)
buzz aldrin originally from birthplace graduated with an m . s . from mit in was selected by nasa . he then went on to join operator in was selected by nasa and became a fighter pilot on was a crew member of . the backup pilot of was a crew member of was astronaut . (id195)
food comes from the country where leadername is one of the leaders . in the country they speak english , native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id196)
the runway length of airport , location , is runwaylength . (id197)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id198)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id199)
writtenwork is from the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us includes many ethnicgroup . (id200)
city is part of ispartof . (id201)
the mayor of athens is mayor . (id202)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id203)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who has represented the club kv mechelen and also played for runcorn fc halton . (id204)
ingredient belongs to the genus genus and is an ingredient of food . ingredient is a member of the genus genus . (id205)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id206)
a flowering plant includes the division of almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco . (id207)
the 3rd runway at airport is made of 3rd_runway_surfacetype which is class as monocotyledon . (id208)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id209)
a variation of food , dishvariation has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it comes from the ispartof dales region ( in ispartof ) , where the leader is leadername . (id210)
the address of building is address , gujarat , location , country . (id211)
astronaut was born in birthplace and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot who was also a crew member of the operator operated was a crew member of . he is now retired . the commander of was a crew member of was commander . (id212)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id213)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id214)
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of alternativename , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id215)
writtenwork is from the country where leadername is a leader and there are many ethnicgroup . (id216)
the owner of the building is owner and the owner is owner . (id217)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id218)
the university ' s campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 , country has numberofpostgraduatestudents postgraduate students . (id219)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id220)
airport is located at location , country . it is 2744 meters long . (id221)
building , a height high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id222)
food and sandesh are both desserts . (id223)
the area code for city is areacode . (id224)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id225)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in the korean war . they deploy the aircraftfighter aircraft as well as the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers . (id226)
building is located in location , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup . (id227)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id228)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd july , 1927 . he graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the university of texas system . he was a test pilot . he died in deathplace . (id229)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic . (id230)
the broadcastedby broadcasted comicscharacter . (id231)
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length . (id232)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members . (id233)
airport , located in location , ispartof , has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . location has a part of awadh and ispartof . (id234)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id235)
airport is located in location and serves the city of cityserved . the airport is located at elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location , country . (id236)
the leader of azerbaijan is leadername . (id237)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id238)
airport is located in location , part of the central denmark region . (id239)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id240)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id241)
the university is located in country . the leader of the country is prime minister leadername . (id242)
astronaut was born in glen ridge , ispartof , usa . leadername is the leader of birthplace . (id243)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id244)
astronaut was born on oct 17 , 1933 in birthplace but was an american . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he worked as a fighter pilot and retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id245)
writtenwork , written by author , has the oclc number oclc_number and isbn number isbn_number . it is published in mediatype . (id246)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id247)
leadername is the leader of country along with mulatu teshome . building is located in the country in the city of location . the ispartof . (id248)
sandesh and food are both desserts . food contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order plant order . (id249)
writtenwork is written by author and is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number . (id250)
food is from the region region . (id251)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id252)
food is a food found in the region of country , the country where malaysian chinese and malay people are ethnic groups . the capital of country is capital . (id253)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id254)
airport serves lake placid and cityserved . the airport is located in lake placid , n . y . (id255)
building in location were constructed in yearofconstruction . (id256)
the leader of aarhus is leadername . (id257)
food is a traditional dish from country , where the leaders are leadername and matteo renzi , the capital is capital and the people that live there are called demonym . (id258)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id259)
the airport in location is operated by operatingorganisation and is found in the city of locationcity , country . (id260)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id261)
the ethnicgroup are an ethnic group of country . region ' s leader is leadername . food is a dish from country , region . (id262)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id263)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id264)
university ' s director is director and it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id265)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id266)
food is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon . (id267)
starring , originally from the u . k , starred in comicscharacter . (id268)
food is a food found in spanish speaking country , a country led by leadername . (id269)
the capital of denmark is capital . (id270)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id271)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id272)
starring starred as comicscharacter , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by broadcastedby . (id273)
food is a popular dish in country and indonesia . tony tan and leadername are leaders in country where language is spoken . (id274)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id275)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id276)
building are located in location . they were constructed in yearofconstruction and are in the architectural sytle of architecturalstyle . they were added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places with the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id277)
kansas city , usa is the home of the food it includes sausage and bacon . (id278)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id279)
astronaut was born in birthplace on birthdate . he was awarded the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in deathplace . (id280)
city is in the country . (id281)
writtenwork was published in the country where many ethnicgroup live . the language of the country and spokenin is english . (id282)
building is located in the location whose leader is leadername . (id283)
writtenwork by author , oclc oclc_number , was produced in print . (id284)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id285)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id286)
food is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables . (id287)
airport , operated by the usaf , is found in location and has a runway length of runwaylength . (id288)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id289)
the university is in city , state . it is affiliated with the affiliation and its west is has to its northeast . state has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id290)
the building are located in location , country . manhattan and ispartof are both parts of location . (id291)
the language spoken in the philippines is language . (id292)
building is located in location , ispartof , country where the leader is leadername . (id293)
the owner of the building is owner and the owner is owner . (id294)
the architecture style of building , located in location and constructed between buildingstartdate and completiondate is tudor and jacobean . (id295)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id296)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id297)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id298)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id299)
the monument , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is located in location , where the leader is leadername . (id300)
building was built in yearofconstruction . (id301)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id302)
astronaut was a crew member of was a crew member of and his main occupation was as a occupation . (id303)
the university was established in established and is located in city . its dean is dean and it has an academic staff of academicstaffsize . (id304)
writtenwork is published by publisher in the country where english is spoken ( as in spokenin ) . the us is where the language is spoken . (id305)
astronaut , who was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa , died in deathplace on deathdate . (id306)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id307)
1 fc magdeburg has numberofmembers members and played in the 3 liga league in the season season . (id308)
writtenwork was written by author . (id309)
airport can be found in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called runwayname . (id310)
a glastonbuy romance is published by publisher , whose founder is founder . (id311)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id312)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id313)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id314)
a bacon sandwich is from the country and is a variation of dishvariation . (id315)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id316)
writtenwork is published in the country , which has leadername as leader . (id317)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id318)
the architect of building is architect . (id319)
the headquarter is the headquarters of the operatingorganisation who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is located in location which is led by the leadertitle . (id320)
food was created in 1820 at the rutland arms , bakewell . (id321)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id322)
abilene regional airport is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and serves abilene in texas . it has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the runway length is 2195 and has the name runwayname . (id323)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id324)
building is in country . (id325)
the college of william and mary is the owner of the building in location which is owned by the college of william and mary . (id326)
the monument which was established established is found in the district , frederick , maryland . the monument has been provided by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id327)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id328)
building is located in location . (id329)
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is parentcompany . it originates in the country which is lead by leadername . (id330)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater . (id331)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id332)
owner own building in location , country . (id333)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id334)
barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from country , where the national language is french and leadername and gerard larcher . (id335)
building is in country . (id336)
the main ingredients of food are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id337)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id338)
building , located in location , was added to the national register of historic places on added to the national register of historic places having the reference number of referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id339)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id340)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in location . they play in the league league in country where champions are the champions . (id341)
food is from the region region , country , and white rice is one of its ingredients . (id342)
airport is located in location . (id343)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id344)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id345)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id346)
edwin e aldrin jr ( more usually known as buzz ) , has retired . he was born in birthplace on 20 january 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a scd and became a fighter pilot and became a crew member on was a crew member of . (id347)
the university in city , state , country has academicstaffsize academic staff . state has mahe , country to its northwest . the river is a river in country and largestcity is its largest city . (id348)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battles and uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and transportaircraft transport aircraft . (id349)
ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is served in country and originates in region . (id350)
airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves andrews in location . the runway length is runwaylength and its name is runwayname . (id351)
the building , designed by the populous company and completed in completiondate , is located on location . (id352)
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient . (id353)
the novel owen glendower is a notable work by the author john cowper powys . (id354)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id355)
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as astronaut , is an american born in birthplace , on jan 20 , 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d . , then served as a occupation and later was a member of the was a crew member of crew . (id356)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id357)
the monument is made with rock . (id358)
astronaut was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of mission ( for which backup pilot was the backup pilot ) . in total , bean spent 100305 minutes in space . (id359)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id360)
airport serves the city of abilene which is part of ispartof . (id361)
the monument is located in location , a country led by the leadertitle , leadername , and legislated by the national assembly , the national assembly is the legislative branch of government . (id362)
a . s roma ' s ground is ground , and they play in the league league . (id363)
the bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the ispartof dales area of ispartof , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) . (id364)
ingredient is an ingredient of food . (id365)
the champions of the united states are qarabag fk . (id366)
food is from the region and contains bacon . (id367)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id368)
city is in the country . (id369)
the writtenwork comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . (id370)
building is located in eastern province of country , which is led by leadername , has the currency as currency . (id371)
astronaut ( born on july 23 , 1927 in birthplace and die on february 28 , 1966 in st louis ) was an affiliate of the university of texas . he later graduated from the almamater . (id372)
construction of building , location , began in january 2014 . the building has floorcount floors , a floor area of floorarea and cost 110 million dollars . (id373)
food is from region incountry . the main ingredients of food are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id374)
sportsteam ' s ground is in ground . (id375)
operatingorganisation , located in locationcity , is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez locationcity - barajas airport in location , country . (id376)
building , location is a building with floorcount floors . (id377)
astronaut , who was born in birthplace , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id378)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id379)
manager plays for both vitesse arnham and club . he has also managed sportsteam . (id380)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs memorial in location . the memorial is dedicated to the dedicatedto and is made from red granite and white marble . the leadertitle is the official title of the leader of the country . (id381)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation and uses attackaircraft attack air crafts . among the air crafts of the usaf can be found the boeing c - 17 globemaster and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . the battles is one of the battles of the operatingorganisation . (id382)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id383)
food is found in the region of region , country . (id384)
food , which is a variation of dishvariation , is found in country . the main ingredients are mainingredients . (id385)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id386)
writtenwork was published by publisher . (id387)
arros negre is a traditional dish from country , where spanish is the language spoken and ethnicgroup are an ethnic group . country uses the euro for its currency . (id388)
the bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient . it originates in the county of administrativecounty and specifically the administrativecounty dales where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . (id389)
sportsteam , which has numberofmembers members , played in the league in the season season . (id390)
astronaut was born in wheeler texas and is from the nationality . he earned a bsc from the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot and a member of was a crew member of . (id391)
writtenwork has the oclc number oclc_number and the isbn number isbn_number . (id392)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id393)
airport is located in location . (id394)
publisher is affiliated with the affiliation and is the publisher of writtenwork . (id395)
the monument was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of capital . it is found in capital , the capital of location , a country led by the leadertitle , the leadertitle . (id396)
the ethnicgroup come from the country , where food is served . (id397)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 and graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . astronaut retired on 1 august 1974 . (id398)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id399)
city is located within the country . (id400)
university is located in country . (id401)
the region dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in country . (id402)
the full name of ac chievo ground which has numberofmembers members , is " fullname " . the club play in ground and were part of the serie a 2014 - 15 season . (id403)
mainingredients are the main ingredients of food , which is a dish that comes from country . (id404)
building is in location , u . s . , which is part of ispartof . building has floorcount floors . (id405)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id406)
bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as dishvariation , are popular in the uk . condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id407)
city is part of ispartof . (id408)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id409)
italian born manager is in varese calcio s . s . d . club and also plays for club . he has also managed ac chievo verona . (id410)
the acharya institute of technology in city , country is in the state of state . its director is director and its full address is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id411)
the leader of belgium is leadername . (id412)
airport , operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works , is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of runwaylength . the airport serves the city of cityserved . (id413)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id414)
lccn_number is the lccn number for writtenwork . (id415)
dishvariation is served as a dessert , as is bionico . (id416)
italian food of region contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese . (id417)
marv wolfman won the award . (id418)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id419)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28th 1966 . he was a student at the almamater . (id420)
the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id421)
the university in city was given the " technical campus " status by the was given the ' technical campus ' status by in location . it is affiliated with the affiliation . (id422)
the writtenwork ( am . j . math ) a discipline of math . it ' s issn number is issn_number . (id423)
astronaut died in deathplace where senators was the senator representing the state . (id424)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id425)
the monument ' s location is location . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the southwest is has to its southwest . (id426)
food is a traditional dish from country where spanish is spoken and the leader is felipe vi of country . (id427)
astronaut is a us national who was a member of the was a crew member of crew ( operated by operator ) . the back up pilot was backup pilot . (id428)
food is a popular food of country and region , the latter where leadername is the leader and english is spoken . (id429)
building is in location in country . the leader of country is leadername , its capital is capital , and the official currency is the currency . (id430)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id431)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18th , 1923 . he served as a test pilot and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he died in deathplace . (id432)
writtenwork is available in hardcover , isbn number isbn_number , oclc number oclc_number and has numberofpages pages . (id433)
comicscharacter was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 . (id434)
building is located in location , which has leadername as a leader . (id435)
university is located in country . (id436)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id437)
the university is affiliated with the affiliation which has its headquarters in headquarters . (id438)
airport in location has a runway length of 2989 . (id439)
astronaut was born in birthplace and attended the almamater ( affiliated to the university of texas system ) . the almamater is competing in the compete in . (id440)
astronaut was born in birthplace on the 23rd of july 1927 . he graduated from the almamater which is an affiliate of the university of texas system . he died in deathplace . (id441)
airport serves the city of cityserved . (id442)
the manager of sportsteam is manager who is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for club . (id443)
the writtenwork was first published in firstpublicationyear and is abbreviated to abbreviation it has the issn number " issn_number " . (id444)
construction of building began in january 2014 and has floorcount floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id445)
the apollo 11 program was organized by operator . (id446)
writtenwork was produced in hardcover with the isbn number isbn_number . (id447)
writtenwork was preceded by precededby . (id448)
sportsteam play in the league league which is based in country . champions are the champions of this league . (id449)
the book , written by author , writtenwork , is in print with an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn of isbn_number . (id450)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id451)
the university is located in city , country . it was established in established . it is affiliated to the affiliation , and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . (id452)
a . c . cesana ' s ground is the ground , they have numberofmembers members and play in league . (id453)
the american , creator created the character of comicscharacter which appeared in the film big hero 6 alongside the star of the film , starring . (id454)
