the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id1)
one of the sports offered at the university is tennis , whose governing body is the sportsgoverningbody . (id2)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id3)
food is a malaysian dish . the leader of country is leadername , and its capital is capital . (id4)
italian born manager is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torini fc and has previously played for atalanta bc . (id5)
the ataturk monument in izmir was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 and is located in location . (id6)
lemon comes from the plant order order . (id7)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location . (id8)
hiv is part of the genus genus . (id9)
ingredient is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in adalusia , country . (id10)
astronaut is an american who was born in birthplace . (id11)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id12)
comicscharacter first aired on the broadcastedby on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . its creator was creator and the series starred starring . (id13)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id14)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id15)
airport serves the city of cityserved in country . the flemish region is led by the leadername which has jurisdiction there . (id16)
building , constructed in yearofconstruction in the arts and crafts movement architectural style and located at location , was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 , has the reference number referencenumber in the national register of historic places . (id17)
astronaut is from the nationality . (id18)
the address , building is located in location where the leader is leadername and some ethnicgroup live . (id19)
the monument is located in location . (id20)
sportsteam , whose nickname is alvinegro , play in the league league in country . previous champions of the serie c were champions . (id21)
building is in location and has floorcount floors . it is owned by owner and its tenant is tenant . (id22)
with an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at location ( part of the madrid community ) , in country . (id23)
building is in country . (id24)
adolfo suarez location - barajas airport is located in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the runway ( name : runwayname ) has a length of 3 , 500 . (id25)
the oclc number of writtenwork is oclc_number . (id26)
airport can be found in location and is operated by operatingorganisation . the airport has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called runwayname . (id27)
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has floorcount floors , was designed by the tenant hotel and is owned by owner . (id28)
the fossil is a fossil from the azerbaijan premier league . (id29)
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . writtenwork was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel castle . (id30)
food originates from country and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id31)
dishvariation is a dish that can be served as a dessert . (id32)
above the veil was preceded by writtenwork , which was preceded by the novel castle . (id33)
astronaut won awards awards . (id34)
contra costa county is part of the ispartof . (id35)
the university , country , has numberofstudents students , academicstaffsize academic staff and was established in established . (id36)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id37)
astronaut served as a occupation . (id38)
food ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . the dish is from the region of region and is also found in country . (id39)
university was given the ' technical campus ' status by was given the ' technical campus ' status by . it is in was selected by nasa . (id40)
airport is located in location , country . (id41)
the comic character asterix ( also known as alternativename ) , was created by rene goscinny . (id42)
the us , home to many ethnicgroup , is also where publisher published the book writtenwork . (id43)
the university is located in country . country ' s capital is capital ; its leader is leadername and its ethnic group is the germans of country . (id44)
writtenwork is written in english . (id45)
astronaut was born in birthplace and died in deathplace on february 28 , 1966 . he attended the almamater . (id46)
city is located east of the has to its west and is affiliated with the affiliation . it is the location of the university in the city of city . (id47)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id48)
sportsteam has numberofmembers members and their ground is the ground . (id49)
sportsteam played in the season season . (id50)
the creators of the comic character , bolt , are paris cullins and ernie colon . (id51)
food is a food found in country where the capital is capital . (id52)
the architect of building is architect . (id53)
building is located in location and it ' s owner is owner . (id54)
the university in country was established in established and has numberofpostgraduatestudents post - graduate students . it is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , city - 560090 . (id55)
barny cakes contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id56)
writtenwork is produced in print and has an oclc number of oclc_number and an isbn number of isbn_number . (id57)
the university is located in city , country . its president is president and its director is director . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation and it was established in established . (id58)
building is in eastern province , country which is lead by leadername . the leader of country is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader in the eastern province is leadername . (id59)
food is found nationwide in country , but is more specific to java , and it ' s leader is leadername . (id60)
starring starred in comicscharacter . (id61)
food is a dish from region , where english is the spoken language . the leader of country is leadername . (id62)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id63)
writtenwork is available in print form . (id64)
the full name of sportsteam is fullname . (id65)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation which was involved in the invasions of grenada and panama . (id66)
