a . c . cesena plays in ground and is also the in the league league , and the champions won the championship league division . (id1)
the building is in country where they speak language . (id2)
astronaut , retired , is dead . (id3)
building is located in the location , where the language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is asians . the leadertitle is the most important leader , and leadername is also a leader . (id4)
astronaut was awarded the distinguished service medal from the us navy . he died in deathplace . (id5)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id6)
food is found in the countries of region and singapore . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , palm sugar , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . (id7)
the sportsteam has numberofmembers members and they play in the league league . (id8)
the main ingredients of food are mainingredients . (id9)
the monument is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are designer . (id10)
astronaut is a us national . (id11)
" building is in location which is part of cuyahoga county in ispartof . the governing body of location is governingbody . " . (id12)
ingredient is a key ingredient of dishvariation which is a variation of food . (id13)
the university employs about 500 academic staff . (id14)
food is from region and includes olive oil . (id15)
the leader of location is prime minister leadername . the country is the location of the monument which is dedicated to the dedicatedto . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id16)
juventus fc are champions of league in which as roma also play . their full name is " fullname " and they have a ground in ground . (id17)
author , born in birthplace , is the author of writtenwork , the sequel to precededby . (id18)
airport , serving the city of cityserved , is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id19)
an ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea . (id20)
astronaut is a us national . (id21)
the book writtenwork comes from country , where there is an ethnic group of ethnicgroup and where the capital city is washington dc . the book is followed by followedby . (id22)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id23)
the 27th july , 1932 is located in location . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , and the capital is capital . it is the location of the ataturk monument designed by designer in bronze . (id24)
the manager of fc magdeburg is manager who played for club . (id25)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id26)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id27)
the university is located in city , country and it has academicstaffsize academic staff . it ' s dean is dean . (id28)
building , located in the ampara district of the eastern province , country , has bedcount beds . (id29)
astronaut was born in birthplace , and graduated from the almamater , which is affiliated with the affiliation . the almamater will be a competitor in the compete in . the hook ' em is the mascot . (id30)
the creator of asterix , a comics character , is creator , who is french . (id31)
leadername is the leader of location which is part of awadh and ispartof . it is the location of agra airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . (id32)
the building , located in location , is owned by owner , and has floorcount floors . (id33)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id34)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id35)
the university in city , country was established in established . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . it is affiliated to the affiliation . (id36)
leadername is the leader of the united kingdom . (id37)
building was constructed in yearofconstruction in asherton texas and was added to the national register of historic places , on 22nd november 1988 . (id38)
food originates from the region region of country . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id39)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id40)
location , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu , is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir . (id41)
leadername is the leader of the valencian community . (id42)
dishvariation is a variation of siomay . (id43)
food is from the paisa region and part of the columbian cuisine . the main ingredients of food are : mainingredients " . (id44)
fullname , or a . s roma for short , has the ground as its ground and numberofmembers members . (id45)
airport is operated by the operatingorganisation . the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the battles and uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and transportaircraft transport aircraft . (id46)
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of writtenwork , published by the publisher . (id47)
the area code for city is areacode . (id48)
architect was born in san fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the building and the significantbuilding . (id49)
astronaut was an american astronaut , born on november 18th , 1923 , in birthplace . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and died in deathplace . (id50)
jv jones is the author of writtenwork which was published in hardcover and has the oclc number oclc_number . (id51)
arrabbiata sauces originates from region , country . it is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . (id52)
food comes from the country country where the residents are called indians and the leader is sumitra mahajan . the food is found in the region of region where the leader is leadername . (id53)
food is a dessert from the region region . it includes mainingredients . (id54)
airport is located in english speaking location ( country ) , where the location demonym is demonym . (id55)
the monument is made with rock . (id56)
located in ispartof , in the country , is egg harbor township where the airport is . this airport has a runway length of runwaylength metres . (id57)
the manager of sportsteam is manager . (id58)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id59)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id60)
the monument is located in location . (id61)
airport is located in largestcity , location , country . (id62)
astronaut was a crew member of operator ' s was a crew member of with commander commander . (id63)
cornell university is nicknamed nickname . (id64)
american karl kesel and creator created the comic character auron . (id65)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id66)
airport can be found in greenville , ispartof , country . (id67)
the university of texas , austin , will compete in the compete in . (id68)
the operatingorganisation , who is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of panama and deploy the attackaircraft on their aircraft carriers , and use the aircraftfighter fighter aircraft . (id69)
building is in location . capital is the capital city and its leader is leadername . (id70)
writtenwork , with an oclc number of oclc_number , is available in print . its isbn number is isbn_number , and its oclc number is oclc_number . (id71)
astronaut was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of mission ( for which backup pilot was the backup pilot ) . in total , bean spent 100305 minutes in space . (id72)
airport , located in location , ispartof , has an elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) elevation of elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) . location has a part of awadh and ispartof . (id73)
the utc offset in the country is the church of country . (id74)
the designers of the turkish martyrs memorial are huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id75)
the monument is located in location , where the capital is capital , and the leader ( the leadertitle ) is leader . (id76)
astronaut was born in birthplace . he was selected by operator in was selected by nasa and served as a crew member of was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . (id77)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from country and contains garlic . (id78)
airport is located in location and its leader is leadername . location is part of awadh and ispartof and the airport is run by the airports authority of location . (id79)
the comic character auron , whose full name is fullname , was created by marv wolfman and creator . (id80)
john buscema won the award . (id81)
the university ( president b m reddy ) is affiliated with affiliation and was established in established . the campus is located in city , state , country and is part of affiliation . (id82)
the university is located in city , country . country ' s capital is capital , its leader is prime minister leadername , and its ethnic group is the germans of country . the national anthem of country is anthem . (id83)
writtenwork was written in the country where the main language is english ( originated in spokenin ) . natives americans are an ethnic group of the us . (id84)
city is part of ispartof . (id85)
an ingredient of baked alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts . (id86)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in birthplace . now retired , he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in was selected by nasa with a doctorate in science and was hired by operator in was selected by nasa . he served as a crew member on was a crew member of . (id87)
the building is 121 . 92 metres and the current tenants are the currenttenants . (id88)
writtenwork is available in hardcover and has numberofpages pages . (id89)
leadername is the name of the leader of greece . (id90)
barny cakes contain protein of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates . (id91)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id92)
astronaut is a us national . (id93)
capital is the capital of country , where leadername is a leader , and where food can be found . (id94)
the was a crew member of is operated by nasa , its commander was commander , its backup pilot was backup pilot and it was crewed by astronaut . astronaut crewed was a crew member of . (id95)
the airport serves the city of cityserved in country . leadername is the leader of that country . (id96)
food comes from the country country in the region region where the leaders are t . s . thakur and leadername . (id97)
above the veil is the sequel to writtenwork which was preceded by the novel castle and followed by above the veil . (id98)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id99)
astronaut ( born in birthplace ) went to the almamater and died in deathplace on 1966 - 02 - 08 . (id100)
the leader of country is phillipe of country . cityserved , country is served by cityserved international airport . (id101)
michele marcolini has won the award . (id102)
manager is associated with the club football club and manages aek athens fc . they play in the league alongside olympiacos fc who are previous champions . (id103)
city is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . (id104)
irish is one of the official language in the republic of ireland . (id105)
arem arem has its origins in indonesian speaking , region . (id106)
astronaut was born in birthplace and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the higher . he passed away in deathplace . (id107)
writtenwork was originally published in english ( the language of spokenin ) . in the country , leadername is the leader and native americans are an ethnic group . (id108)
building is located in haputale , country , the capital of which is capital . the language spoken in country is tamil . (id109)
the archarya institute of technology is located in karnatka . karnatka has has to its northeast to its northeast . (id110)
the runwayname runway in afonso pena international airport in sao jose dos pinhais has a length of runwaylength . (id111)
astronaut was born in birthplace on 18th november 1923 . he graduated with a m . a . in 1957 from nwc , and went on to become a test pilot . astronaut died in deathplace . (id112)
astronaut was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge new jersey . he graduated in was selected by nasa from mit with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in was selected by nasa and became a member of the was a crew member of crew . he has retired . (id113)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id114)
astronaut ( born in birthplace on birthdate ) was a crew member of was a crew member of . (id115)
the university in country was established in established and is affiliated with the affiliation . (id116)
the monument is located in location and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id117)
ingredient is included in the dessert , food . (id118)
the sportsteam football club play in league whose champions include s s robur siena . (id119)
arros negre contains ingredient and is a traditional dish from the region in country . (id120)
