dublin is in the country . (id1)
building , birthplace ( postcode area ' b ' ) , was designed by the architect architect who was born in the city . birthplace ' s governing body is birthplace city council , which is lead by the labour party . (id2)
the university in the state of state , country is affiliated to the affiliation based in the city of city . . the director is dr g p prabhukumar and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it was established in established . (id3)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id4)
marv wolfman won the award . (id5)
food originates from country where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either leadername and / or t . s . thakur . (id6)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the country . (id7)
city is located at elevationabovethesealevel above sea level . (id8)
the novel writtenwork was followed by followedby . (id9)
edwin e aldrin jr ( more usually known as buzz ) , has retired . he was born in birthplace on 20 january 1930 . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a scd and became a fighter pilot and became a crew member on was a crew member of . (id10)
food ( or alternativename ) originates from region in country . the main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . (id11)
airport in location is elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long . (id12)
airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in location and serves cityserved . the airport ' s runway length is 896 . (id13)
turkmenistan airlines operated airport which is located elevationabovethesealevel_ ( in_metres ) metres above sea level in location . it has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is runwaylength in length . (id14)
barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from country , where the national language is french and leadername and gerard larcher . (id15)
the apollo 12 operator is operator . (id16)
the comics character blockbuster was created by creator and roger stern . (id17)
astronaut was born in birthplace on november 18 , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and was chosen by nasa in was selected by nasa . he died in deathplace on the 21st july 1998 . (id18)
the runway name of airport is runwayname . (id19)
the impact factor of writtenwork is impactfactor . (id20)
the american journal of medicine ( am . j . math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in academicdiscipline . the issn # is : issn_number . . (id21)
barny cakes are found in country where the language is spoken and gerard larcher is the leader . barny cakes were created by creator which was founded in foundationplace . (id22)
comicscharacter was created by creator . (id23)
the operatingorganisation operate atlantic city international airport which has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier and is 23 metres above sea level . the runway ( runwayname ) has a length of 1 , 873 . (id24)
astronaut is an american born in birthplace on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a crew member on the operator operated was a crew member of , which was operated by operator . he is retired . (id25)
the university ' s campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id26)
leader is the leader of ground where afc ground have their ground . (id27)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in location . (id28)
chicago is part of ispartof . (id29)
ingredient is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from country . (id30)
the monument , located in the district , is categorised as a historic district in the country and was established on 11th july 1907 . it is owned by the owningorganisation and belongs to the category of category . (id31)
the runway length of airport , which serves the city of cityserved , is runwaylength . (id32)
writtenwork was written by author and has the isbn number isbn_number . (id33)
