pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is a food found in catalonia . (id4)
arros negre is a food found in valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient of blt sandwich . (id7)
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding has cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is a food found in paisa region . (id12)
these is an aircraft fighter in barny cakes . (id13)
shumai is a variation of batagor . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia . (id17)
an alternative name for bhajji is bhaji or bajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient of binignit . (id19)
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico . (id20)
bionico is a food found in jalisco . (id21)
chicken is in the class bird . (id22)
the currency of india is indian rupee . (id23)
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . (id24)
language is the language of indonesia . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java . (id27)
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . (id28)
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
spanish is the language of new york . (id30)
shumai is located in china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay . (id32)
ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
the leader of united kingdom is david cameron . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional dish from italy . (id35)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where one can find arem - arem . (id36)
when in italy , you ' ll want to know italian is their spoken language and arrabbiata sauce is a food found there . (id37)
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy , where one can find arrabbiata sauce . (id38)
italy includes a dish which has chili pepper as an ingredient and arrabbiata sauce is called it . (id39)
the dish of arros negre is from valencian community in spain . (id40)
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a food found in indonesia . (id41)
the dish of ayam penyet is from malaysia in indonesia . (id42)
bacon sandwiches and blt sandwich ( and it variation of club sandwich ) are kinds of the same dish . (id43)
bacon is a main ingredient in ' bacon explosion ' , which also contains sausage . (id44)
bacon can be used to enhance the flavour of bacon sandwiches which is also referred to as rasher sandwich . (id45)
bread is included in bacon sandwiches , also referred to as blt sandwich . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a traditional dish from france . (id47)
manuel valls is the leader of france , where one can find baked alaska . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a traditional dish from united states . (id49)
one variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , in which fruit is a key ingredient . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a traditional dish from indonesia . (id51)
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family . (id52)
colombian cuisine includes a dish which has chicharron as an ingredient and bandeja paisa is called it . (id53)
claude bartolone is the leader of france , where one can find barny cakes . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a traditional dish from indonesia . (id55)
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as an ingredient . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a traditional dish from singapore . (id57)
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore , where one can find beef kway teow . (id58)
the main ingredients of the singapore and indonesia dish known as beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id59)
indians is the name for the people of india and one of the traditional dishes there is bhajji . (id60)
t s thakur is the leader of india , where one can find bhajji . (id61)
binignit is from philippines , where igorot people are one of the ethnic groups . (id62)
the main ingredients of the philippines dish known as binignit are banana . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato , and it also includes banana . (id64)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , where one can find bionico . (id65)
granola is an ingredient used in the preparation of bionico , a dish from guadalajara . (id66)
bionico and dessert are related and cake can be used as a variation in a dessert . (id67)
the leader of indonesia is joko widodo . indonesia is the home of bakso . (id68)
shumai is a variation of shiitake and batagor . (id69)
guanciale is one of lazio ingredients of amatriciana sauce . this is a traditional dish from lazio and is part of italy . (id70)
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings of arem - arem are banana leaf . compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings is also it . (id71)
arrabbiata sauce has tomato as it of its ingredients , which is part of the flowering plants family and in the division of solanaceae . (id72)
olive oil is one of rome ingredients of arrabbiata sauce . this is a traditional dish from rome and is part of italy . (id73)
tomato is one of italy ingredients in the country ' arrabbiata sauce ' , which is it found nationwide in it and also in rome . (id74)
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . the dish is from malaysia it and is eaten in malay peninsula . (id75)
the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the city of kuala lumpur is the capitol , malaysia ' s also where asam pedas is found . (id76)
found in indonesia , ayam penyet comes from the region of malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is malaysian chinese . (id77)
blt sandwich is bacon sandwiches variation of both it ( which contains lettuce ) and club sandwich . (id78)
white americans are an ethnic group in united states whose leader is barack obama . bacon explosion comes from here . (id79)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington dc . (id80)
bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwiches which is considered it variation of blt sandwich , which is itself considered to be variation of club sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of france . (id82)
manuel valls is france leader of it where it currency is euro and baked alaska is a traditional dish . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of united states . (id84)
sponge cake is an ingredient of dessert called baked alaska . cookies is also a type of dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and it main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding , which can be served ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , is from derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are bakewell tart . (id87)
beef is an ingredient of indonesia bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in it . (id88)
avocado is one of colombian cuisine ingredients in bandeja paisa which is typical it and found in paisa region . (id89)
hogao is one of paisa region ingredients of bandeja paisa . this is a traditional dish from paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine . (id90)
manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders in france , where barny cakes come from . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , noodles , noodles organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , vegetables , bhaji organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id93)
the leader of singapore is tony tan , the region of singapore ' s also where beef kway teow is from . beef kway teow is also found in indonesia . (id94)
sesame oil is one of singapore ingredients of beef kway teow . this is a traditional dish from singapore and is part of indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is one of singapore and indonesia ingredients in singapore ' beef kway teow ' , which is it found nationwide in singapore and indonesia and also in singapore . (id96)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the currency is indian rupee and bhajji orginated . (id97)
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains banana ) should also be served as a dessert . (id98)
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains sago ) should also be served as a dessert . (id99)
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains taro ) should also be served as a dessert . (id100)
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato ( part of the order of solanales . ) , another ingredient that can be used is banana . (id101)
bionico is a food found in mexico , the ingredients include dessert . (id102)
the region is an ingredient of bionico , it that comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . (id103)
silvano aureoles conejo is mexico leader of it where it currency is the peso and bionico is a traditional dish . (id104)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of italy , where the capital is rome and a key leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
igorot people is an ethnic group in philippines , where arabic is spoken and batchoy comes from . (id106)
beef kway teow originates from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id107)
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and are from the order of solanales and solanaceae . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , originaly made italy . with tomato as amatriciana sauce ' s main ingredient , it is prepared by guanciale . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso . (id110)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish can be found in catalonia , spain . (id111)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish can be found in catalonia , spain . (id112)
arros negre is from catalonia wcatalonia a traditional dish are an ethnic group . bridge - 2 is a food found in spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group . (id113)
asam pedas is a food from malaysia and sumatra . malaysia is the ethnic home of malaysian malay , and batak are and ethnic group from sumatra . (id114)
asam pedas is minangkabau people found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and bataks are ethnic groups of sumatra . (id115)
bacon explosion originates from united states part capital of it is washington dc which has barack obama as one of the united states leaders and asian americans as one of part ethnic groups . (id116)
bacon explosion originates from united states part capital of it is washington dc which has john roberts as one of the united states leaders and asian americans as one of part ethnic groups . (id117)
the country that bacon sandwiches comes from is united kingdom . club sandwich include blt sandwich and ketchup . (id118)
united kingdom that bacon sandwiches comes from is it and ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . they can also be known as rasher sandwich . (id119)
two types of dessert are cookies and baked alaska . baked alaska is a dish from united states wpart african americans are one of bridge - 2 ethnic groups . (id120)
beef kway teow is from paris , new york and hong kong , baked alaska is popular in singapore and it . baked alaska is made from christmas pudding sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , united states and sponge cake . (id121)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of france , the united states or china claim to have invented meringue . (id122)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of united states claim to have invented ice cream . (id123)
bakewell tart contains fruit and is a variation of bakewell pudding that originates from derbyshire dales in derbyshire . (id124)
bakso is a traditional dish throughout indonesia whole of indonesia bakso ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , bakso ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso also contains tapioca . (id125)
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are main ingredients in the indonesia food of bakso . (id126)
fruits is colombian cuisine region of it where bandeja paisa comes from . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and kidney beans . (id127)
beef kway teow is from paisa region , bandeja paisa is popular in singapore and it . bandeja paisa is made from red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , colombian cuisine and hogao . (id128)
barny cakes come from france where french is spoken . leaders of france are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id129)
batagor , a variant of siomay and shumai , contains shiitake and originates from indonesia . (id130)
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are main ingredients in batchoy . pork comes from philippines and is served in la paz , iloilo city . (id131)
batchoy is soup eaten in chicken . the main ingredients of batchoy are soup . (id132)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . the dish can be found in indonesia , singapore . (id133)
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia and also it where the dish comes from . the leader of singapore , where halimah yacob is spoken , is standard chinese . (id134)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which hails from singapore but the countries of indonesia claim to have invented sesame oil . (id135)
vegetables is an ingredient of bhajji , sometimes known as bhaji or bajji . bhajji are found in the karnataka region of india . (id136)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji . (id137)
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sago . another ingredient is sweet potato , flowering plants which belongs to the solanales order of it . (id138)
coconut milk are the main ingredients of binignit which hails from visayas but the countries of philippines claim to have invented sago . (id139)
bionico originates from jalisco in mexico . bionico is dessert and requires granola as one of bionico ingredients . (id140)
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish can be found in guadalajara , mexico . (id141)
cookies and bionico are served as dessert . the latter dish is found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id142)
bakso is a food from indonesia that is made with tapioca . one of the leaders of indonesia is jusuf kalla . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish found in java where baduy are an ethnic group . however , ayam penyet originates from singapore where tony tan is a leader . (id144)
ilocano people and philippine spanish are ethnic groups from philippines . one of the languages there is zamboangans . batchoy is a dish that comes from philippines . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of philippines include zamboangans and igorot people people . (id146)
cookies is philippines leader of it , where binignit is a dish . philippines is also found in it , where philippine english is the leader . (id147)
sandesh is philippines leader of it , where binignit is a dish . philippines is also found in it , where philippine english is the leader . (id148)
jusuf kalla is indonesia leader of it , where language is spoken and the country currency is indonesian rupiah . javanese arem - arem is a commonly served in indonesia . (id149)
malaysian malay of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula . (id150)
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from sumatra and malay peninsula region . malaysian indian is one of malaysian indian groups on malaysia and it kuala lumpur . (id151)
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from sumatra region . malaysian indian is one of malaysian indian groups on malaysia and it kuala lumpur . (id152)
abu zahar ujang is asam pedas of malaysia . malaysian malay is an ethnic grop from malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of it is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from malay peninsula region and is a food that is found in malaysia . (id153)
bacon of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . the main ingredients comes from kansas city in united states . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan capital is washington dc and english is spoken . political the united states is white americans and paul ryan are one ethnic group of bridge - 1 . (id155)
united kingdom is home to bacon sandwiches which has the uk main bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . a variation of bacon , which is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n it , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin is blt sandwich . (id156)
baked alaska is from france and is popular in hong kong . the leaders of france are manuel valls and gerard larcher . french is spoken there . (id157)
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is the lemon . lemon is classified in rosids and belongs to the rutaceae family . the dish is found in colombia where you also find an ingredient . (id158)
gerard larcher is the national language of france where the leaders are french and francois hollande . barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france . (id159)
batagor is a variant of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai . batagor originates from joko widodo led indonesia . (id160)
the leader of indonesia is joko widodo , where indonesia batagor is served . it has variations called siomay and shumai and joko widodo contains shiitake . (id161)
batagor is a variant of shumai , which contains shiitake , and siomay . batagor originates from jusuf kalla led indonesia . (id162)
bhajji is karnataka dish from india and is made of bhaji or bajji . (id163)
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the region is led by vajubhai vala . t s thakur is the head of state of indians . (id164)
sumitra mahajan and t s thakur are leaders in india where indians are called it . india is also where bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka , originates from . (id165)
sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in bionico . this is sour cream which is served as dessert and comes from the guadalajara region in mexico . (id166)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , they speak spanish there and eat a food called bionico . it is served as sandesh and honey can be used as a variation of mexico . (id167)
honey name of the leader in mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and bionico can be found in the a dessert region . silvano aureoles conejo ' s served as honey and jalisco can be added to the dish . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of the country . (id168)
felipe vi is catalonia of spain , a country where the leader is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region in the country . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia . (id169)
laura boldrini is italian in italy alongside matteo renzi . you ' ll find amatriciana sauce here where italy is leader spoken and the capital is rome . (id170)
italy capital of it is rome and is where italians are from and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . italy leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . (id171)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , which leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi , rome is it capital and pietro grasso speak the country . (id172)
chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken , which in turn is the main ingredient in ayam penyet . this dish comes from both malaysia and singapore and java ( where the ethnic people are the javanese ) . (id173)
in singapore , english is spoken . within java , an ethnic group are an ethnic group and ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id174)
the languages spoken in philippines are philippine spanish and arabic . batchoy is eaten there and philippines ethnic groups are zamboangans and chinese filipino . (id175)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where spanish is the leader . susana diaz is spain leader of it . (id176)
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where spaniards are the main ethnic group . ajoblanco is from andalusia in it . one of the leaders of andalusia is susana diaz . (id177)
