and kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc (id2)
ben ( benjamin ) urich . (id3)
bibbo and was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bo bibbowski is often called (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire (id6)
black pirate , also known as jon valor , (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award (id8)
american karl kesel (id9)
marv wolfman won the kirby award (id10)
american peter laird (id11)
scott adsit , who was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
american april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird (id13)
jill shilling stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc . (id14)
graeme garden stars in bananaman . bananaman broadcast by stv . (id15)
bananaman , tim brooke - taylor , starred was born in derbyshire . (id16)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk (id17)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit (id18)
steven t . seagle created baymax , a character in big hero 6 . (id19)
ben urich was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie . ben ( benjamin ) urich . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . bibbo and was created by jerry ordway . (id21)
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . bo bibbowski is often called (id22)
asterix was created by rene goscinny , who is a frenchman . the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc . and 15 april 1986 . it (id24)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . the film , big hero 6 , stars scott adsit . (id25)
big hero 6 is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and has baymax as a character and stars scott adsit (id26)
big hero 6 ( film ) big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and is a character in big hero 6 . (id27)
and gardner fox . is also known as mark desmond , the character was created by carmine infantino (id28)
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky was created by dan mishkin was created by gary cohn (id29)
and ernie colon bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn . (id30)
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc , has its headquarters in broadcasting house . the bbc produces bbc radio and broadcast the tv series bananaman . (id31)
bananaman which stars jill shilling was created by steve bright first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv . (id32)
big hero 6 stars ryan potter . and the american , duncan rouleau . featured in the film big hero 6 . (id33)
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn . puerto rican ernie colon and bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky (id34)
and the american , duncan rouleau . the film , big hero 6 , starred alan tudyk . and steven t . seagle . baymax featured in the film big hero 6 . (id35)
