the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id1)
which has franklin county to its west , carroll county maryland to its southeast . adams county has cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id2)
azerbaijan artur rasizade baku is the capital of azerbaijan . red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id3)
red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti azerbaijan where artur rasizade is leader , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is (id4)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established july 11th , 1907 and is an historic is in the monocacy national battlefield is in the state of maryland . (id5)
american , alan bean , who was a test pilot , was born on mar 15 , 1932 . in wheeler , texas and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired . (id6)
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal . (id7)
alan bean was on the crew of apollo 12 operated by nasa , with alfred warren as a backup pilot alan bean retired in june 1981 david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . alan bean ' s birth name was alan lavern bean . (id8)
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 , was a member of the apollo 11 crew he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot (id9)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin in 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 sc . d . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission . (id10)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 american buzz buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission . (id11)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member for apollo 11 he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 (id12)
gemstone is benitoite . smilodon is a fossil from california . which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . california ' s senator was dianne feinstein and , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal . (id13)
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . us national william fighter pilot william anders was born in british hong kong william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 (id14)
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman (id15)
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman william anders is now retired . (id16)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland and its dean is mario botta . . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff accademia is located in ticino , (id17)
bangalore , karnataka in india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id18)
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id19)
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . . the religion is the church of denmark . (id20)
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . (id21)
awh engineering college is located in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai . college was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india . (id22)
romania ethic group is the germans of romania ; its leader is klaus iohannis romania patron saint andrew the apostle , its capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania (id23)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id24)
