rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
afc blackpool is the mechanics .
afc blackpool is blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 have 5300 members .
aek athens fc play in athens .
aek athens fc play in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is in baku .
azal pfk is in azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is from united states .
akron , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
akron metro futbol club summit assault is abbreviated to akron summit assault .
amsterdam is led by eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is chelsea fc .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from umbria .
italy is led by sergio mattarella .
jens hartel is fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti was at udinese calcio .
massimo drago is a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini is atalanta bc .
michele marcolini is vicenza calcio .
peter stoger club is 1 . fc koln
rolando maran is fc bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is from united states .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in regionalliga in 2014 .
a . c . chievo verona in verona , italy has 39371 members .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . rolando maran was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez , manager of a . d . isidro metapan , plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and attends irlam town football club .
afc fylde in lancashire has 3180 members .
a . s . gubbio 1910 in gubbio has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio play at livorno in serie .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who worked at a . s . roma .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina ) has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . in greece has 69618 members .
aek athens fc play at the olympic stadium in superleague of greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as tenant .
azal pfk is in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan . their ' s ground is azal arena .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is gubbio . gubbio is from the umbria region .
pietro grasso heads italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 is based in italy .
luciano spalletti was at empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
jens hartel plays for fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche while managing 1 fc magdeburg .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and a . s . d . licata 1931 while managing a . c . cesena .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( ac lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for el salvador national football team and alianza f . c . while managing a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis . their play in efxeinoupoli .
( association football club blackpool ) a . f . c . blackpool play at blackpool and has 1500 members .
stuart parker plays for chesterfield fc and runcorn fc halton while managing a . f . c . blackpool .
dave challinor plays for stockport manages afc fylde and is a member of colwyn bay fc
( livorno calcio s . p . a . ) a . s . livorno calcio play at livorno , italy and has 19 , 238 members members .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . their play in serie whose champions include carpi fc 1909 .
christian panucci played for chelsea fc and real as well as managing a . s . livorno calcio .
aek athens f . c . ( greece ) played in superleague of greece , which olympiacos fc were champions .
gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while managing aek athens fc .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s and jong ajax while managing az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play at estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in campeonato brasileiro serie c it is based in brazil .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio while managing a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and s . s . chieti calcio while managing a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 while managing a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio while managing a . c . cesena .
jens hartel is manager of 1 fc magdeburg , plays for fsv zwickau club , sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio he was born in italy .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona he was born in italy .
efxeinoupoli is the home ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , have 1500 members and are in epsth 2nd group . their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is conservative party ( uk ) . their ground ground is in blackpool .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is gordon marsden . their ground ground is in it .
afc fylde or association football club fylde is based in warton , fylde , lancashire has 3180 members and were in season 2014 season .
afc fylde or association football club fylde is based in bryning lane has 3180 members and were in season 2014 season .
paulo sousa is manager of acf fiorentina , plays for inter milan , juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv f . c . .
aek athens fc play at greece in superleague of greece them played in the season 2014 season and has 69618 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax and operated by afc ajax . afc ajax n . v . owns their .
afc ajax ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) , with 5000 members , participated in season 2014 . afc ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed joden , godenzonen .
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar , plays for vitesse arnhem , netherlands national football team and afc ajax .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . vila nova futebol clube are former champions of campeonato brasileiro serie c , and their are also in the same competition .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
st vincent - st mary high school in akron , ohio is where akron summit assault is located . akron is a part of summit county , ohio . it is from united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peter stoger is manager of 1 . fc koln , plays for fc admira wacker modling , fk austria wien and sk vorwarts steyr .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for fc bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . italian ' s leader is pietro grasso . ac lumezzane ground is in italy .
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is labour . their ground ground is in it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ( italy ) played in serie d , which s . s . robur siena were champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . leader is spoken in it .
the olympic stadium is located in marousi . gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while also being a manager at aek athens fc their ground ground is in the olympic stadium .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where leader is spoken . rome is the capital of italy . its ' s leader is pietro grasso . italians inhabit it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in the country where the capital is rome , the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella . italy is inhabited by italians .
