alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . alan bean is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey joe biden is a leader of the united states .
american buzz buzz aldrin . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , scd in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963
elliot see graduated from the university of texas , austin . he was born in dallas . elliot see is a united states national .
elliot see went to university of texas at austin and died in st . louis and was selected by nasa in 1962 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin elliot see died in st . louis where francis g slay is the mayor .
elliot see died in st . louis , the kingdom of france . on february 28 , 1966 .
the purple finch is a new hampshire bird . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
: the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and 1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print form .
english is spoken in great britain and is the language used in 1634 : the ram rebellion . and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery which published acm transactions on information systems the association for computing machinery is headquartered in new york city .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571
aip advances edited by a . t . charlie johnson , who lives in the u . s . from stanford university .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones with the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . its author is qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states
a severed wasp . a severed wasp is written in english ( also spoken in great britain ) . united states
a severed wasp has 388 pages and has the oclc number 8805735 . a severed wasp is a hardcover book .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number is 1865 - 8784 . with a lccn number 32024459 , abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg abbreviated form is abh . math . semin . univ . hambg .
above the veil is from the australians aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
above the veil is written in english . aenir was written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil .
above the veil is 248 pages long . above the veil , by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
and has the isbn number 0567 - 7920 . acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . has a lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , is about addiction . the journal addiction has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons . the journal addiction had the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is in the state of new york .
aenir was written by garth nix is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . comes from the united states
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the book has an oclc number of 78771100
. english is spoken in the united states and great britain . comes from the united states
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
sara miller mccune founded sage publications . administrative science quarterly has the issn number of 0001 - 8392 . administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
african americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in the united states in english .
asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . 1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel , the manager of fc magdeburg also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig , sv germania schoneiche
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
associazione calcio lumezzane spa a . c . lumezzane is in the lega pro / a league and has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for the el salvador national football team .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is ` ` association football club blackpool ' '
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and runcorn f . c . halton
dave challinor , manager of afc fylde , played for stockport county f . c . dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio has 19238 members and the full name of livorno calcio s . p . a . .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci . a . s . livorno calcio . they play in the serie b league of which carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio and has played for chelsea fc . christian panucci was attached to the real madrid cf club .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece are previous champions and home ground is greece
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is of amsterdam amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
afc ajax is based in amsterdam . amsterdam - noord of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
john van den brom , manager of az alkmaar , plays for jong ajax john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena .
, is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin , born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel . chicago is part of dupage county , illinois
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building and has 22 floors .
3arena 3arena at north wall quay . was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . marriott international hotel . and has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by philip charles hardwick . jp mcmanus owns adare manor .
the architectural style of tudor and jacobean . adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 .
the architectural style of tudor and jacobean . adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in haputalethe , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , sri jayawardenepura kotte where the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
they started to build alan b miller hall on 30 march , 2007 . . the current tenants are the mason school of business located in the united states .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference . julia morgan was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths , which was built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) . john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row .
liberal democrats are leaders of birmingham . 103 colmore row was designed by john madin , born in birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa in ethiopia .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat
marriott international is based in bethesda , maryland . overseen by bill marriott . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international
albany is part of dougherty county in georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia .
alpharetta , georgia in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group asian americans alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states , home of asian americans and the capital of washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 . anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim is part of california . the california state senate leads anaheim , california . the california state senate is located in the california state capitol .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california contra costa county in california is part of the san francisco bay area . the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . tarrant county , texas , united states .
atlanta is in united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey , united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . washington state is located within the united states .
auburn is part of washington state . olympia is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington state is located within the united states .
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia . albany is part of the state of georgia . albany is part of dougherty county in georgia .
madison county , indiana , is located in the united states . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . anderson is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states .
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . attica , indiana is in united states attica is part of fountain county , indiana
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . fountain county is in indiana , in the united states . attica is part of fountain county , indiana
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the akron , ohio , united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group .
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
. it has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . the name of the runway is 10r / 28l
. adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid the length of its runway is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama in madrid , spain . the
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is in iraq and the length of the runway is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase and previously fought in the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae . the airport ' s runway has a length of 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a runway length of 2900 .
airport is 210 is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas the runway length at andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas andrews county airport runway length 896 . 0 and is 973 metres above sea level .
capital is austin . andrews county airport is located in texas . english is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the demonym is tejano . texas is in the united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium where german is the language spoken . antwerp in belgium .
atlantic city international airport , egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
is the leader in pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali
madrid , part of the community of madrid where the leading party is ahora madrid adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid .
ahora madrid is the leading party of madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain .
the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes , spain . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument united states 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast
carroll county maryland is to the southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where its local name is turk sehitleri aniti .
artur rasizade , is in azerbaijan which has the national assembly as its legislature
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey where the capital is ankara .
amatriciana sauce comes from the region of lazio , italy . guanciale
arem contains banana leaf arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is a flowering plant tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which in italy .
the main ingredients of the malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is from indonesia .
. variations include the blt ( which includes lettuce ) and the club sandwich . blt
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
the blt is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the club sandwich . the bacon sandwich uses bread
is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from both france and the new york region . sponge cake
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france . the euro is the currency in france .
baked alaska is from the united states baked alaska is from the new york region christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert . sponge cake
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . it . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region . . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia . beef
, is one of the ingredients of bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine hogao is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
barny cakes come from manual valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and vegetable
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow originates from singapore . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia .
beef kway teow originates from singapore . beef kway teow , found in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from indian where the currency is the indian rupee and a leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana sweet potato is of the order solanales .
bionico is a mexican dessert granola is an ingredient of bionico .
bionico from guadalajara region is found in mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is from italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is found in arabic speaking philippines . igorot people .
tony tan is the leader of singapore . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the tomato is of the order solanales .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore and has 700 students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the leader of kerala is kochi . awh engineering college mahe , india is northwest of kerala state where the
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . romania the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane .
romania ethic group is the germans of romania ; its leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
asterix was created by rene goscinny , who is a frenchman . the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc . and 15 april 1986 . it
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . the film , big hero 6 , stars scott adsit .
big hero 6 is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and has baymax as a character and stars scott adsit
big hero 6 ( film ) big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and is a character in big hero 6 .
and gardner fox . is also known as mark desmond , the character was created by carmine infantino
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky was created by dan mishkin was created by gary cohn
and ernie colon bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett was born in maine aaron s . daggett the battle of fredericksburg
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands
abdul rahman yakub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman yakub
abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud party barisan raayat jati sarawak
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state abdulsalami abubakar . he graduated from technical institute , kaduna abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria )
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abel caballero was born in ponteareas abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the congress of deputies abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain )
abel caballero was born in spain abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) abel caballero party spanish socialist workers party
abner w . sibal the world war ii abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
abner w . sibal workedas ) office ( workedat , member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens
adam holloway the gulf war gulf war was commanded by george h . w . bush adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adam koc the polish - - soviet war adam koc was born in congress poland polish - - soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war polish - - soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) minister for health adonis georgiadis was born in athens
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras new democracy ( greece ) colour blue adonis georgiadis party new democracy ( greece )
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands )
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the house of representatives agnes kant was born in west germany agnes kant . he graduated from radboud university nijmegen
airey neave the world war ii airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave the world war ii airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island albert jennings fountain died in united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain was born in new york city albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires buenos aires is the governing body buenos aires city legislature buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina
alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol alfons gorbach was born in austria
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . .
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 whig party ( united states ) where the leader is henry clay
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont
american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war albert jennings fountain was born in united states
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales the battle of fredericksburg battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol alfons gorbach died in austria
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach died in austria
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach died in austria
battle of salem church was commanded by robert e . lee battle of salem church ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war aaron s . daggett the battle of salem church
netherlands and the currency is the euro . ab klink was born in stellendam ab klink , netherlands
poland is polish language adam koc kashubians are an ethnic group american poland poland
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd orbitalperiod 39447000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 minimumtemperature - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 maximumtemperature 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 averagespeed 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 apoapsis 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres )
1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia the 1923 oaa907 xc 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) 101 helena escapevelocity 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) 101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade , germany walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
103 hera discoverer james craig watson 103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 103 hera orbitalperiod 1622 . 213 ( days ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera escapevelocity 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) 103 hera temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham n . r . pogson , england
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama the a894 va ; a904 vd ; 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days )
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia the 1928 pc 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas mass 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0 110 lydia apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres )
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends is a pop music
aaron deer is a indie rock aaron deer origin indiana aaron deer origin united states
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer is a psychedelia aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is a black metal
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is a drone music
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mamiffer aaron turner is a ambient music
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner instrument singing black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab origin katowice
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
agustin barboza was born in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza was born in paraguay
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument singing al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music
alan frew is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
albennie jones is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat
albennie jones is a rhythm and blues albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi rhythm and blues derivative disco
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac is a pop music
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac is a pop music
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kristina kovac
alex day is a synthpop synthpop stylisticorigin pop music synthpop stylisticorigin disco
alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester alfred garth jones died in sidcup
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones , united kingdom
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones , united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london boris johnson is the leader in london .
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell is a folk music of ireland
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell is a folk music
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk alison odonnell recordlabel static caravan recordings
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama allen forrest is a pop music allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is a rhythm and blues allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kirk joseph
anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records anders osborne is a rock music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist puya ( singer ) andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist crbl andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marius moga associatedband / associatedmusicalartist andreea balan andra ( singer )
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) background solo singer rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine christian burns is a house music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label )
ska punk stylisticorigin ska aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends aaron bertram is a ska punk
african americans are an ethnic group albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi albennie jones was born in united states
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22
a - rosa luna shipdisplacement 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) a - rosa luna topspeed 24 . 0 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella is owned by costa crociere
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella shipinservice 2013 - 03 - 17 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups where the population are known as americans .
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states , one ethnic group are native americans and washington d . c . is the capital .
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2 alv x - 1 totallaunches 1
abarth 1000 gt coupe productionendyear 1958 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle coupe abarth 1000 gt coupe engine straight - four engine
abarth 1000 gt coupe wheelbase 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) abarth 1000 gt coupe width 1 . 55 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle two door coupe
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy where the capital is rome alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy where the capital is rome alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly arese alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra . wrecked
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol
american motors fate eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors is a key person at roy d . chapin , jr . .
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) function medium expendable launch system
ariane 5 manufacturer arianespace ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres )
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
atlas ii countryorigin united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states .
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite spaceport florida launch complex 36
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 assembly audi brussels audi a1 bodystyle hatchback
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation seat ibiza audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation volkswagen polo
caterpillar inc . . which was founded in california caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
caterpillar inc . . is located in illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
costa crociere is located in genoa aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella is owned by costa crociere
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
guiana space centre based in french guiana ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
neptun werft which rostock a - rosa luna builder neptun werft neptun werft locationcountry germany
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans atlas ii countryorigin united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron hunt club vfl wolfsburg aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08 aaron hunt club sv werder bremen
aaron hunt club vfl wolfsburg vfl wolfsburg manager dieter hecking aaron hunt club sv werder bremen ii
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c . abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo abel hernandez club penarol
adam maher club psv eindhoven adam maher was born in netherlands adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c . united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco akeem adams and w connection f . c .
akeem ayers formerteam los angeles rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq alaa abdul - zahra club shabab al - ordon club alaa abdul - zahra club iraq national under - 20 football team
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club shabab al - ordon club
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 alan martin ( footballer ) and clyde f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) club motherwell f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) club accrington stanley f . c . accrington stanley f . c . ground accrington
aleksander barkov , jr . . and florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov , jr . . was born in tampere , finland
aleksander barkov , jr . . draftteam florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov , jr . . was born in tampere , finland
aleksandr chumakov died in russia russia where the leader is vladimir putin aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov club fc alania vladikavkaz
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov club russia national football b team aleksandr prudnikov club fc tom tomsk
aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais olympique lyonnais ground parc olympique lyonnais aleksandre guruli club azal pfk
aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais olympique lyonnais ground parc olympique lyonnais aleksandre guruli club us lesquin
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 16 football team
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria
alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 16 football team italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 17 football team alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria alessio romagnoli was born in italy
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla
alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla alex plante was born in canada
alex tyus play in the euroleague alex tyus club maccabi ashdod b . c . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league alex tyus club maccabi ashdod b . c . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov club fc tom tomsk aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc anzhi makhachkala
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - - 15 russian premier league aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c . abel hernandez club uruguay olympic football team
moscow where the leader is sergey sobyanin aleksandr chumakov died in russia aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow
real madrid castilla manager luis miguel ramis abner ( footballer ) and brazil national under - 20 football team abner ( footballer ) club real madrid castilla
real madrid castilla manager luis miguel ramis abner ( footballer ) club real madrid castilla abner ( footballer ) plays for c . d . fas .
st . louis is part of the greater st . louis alex tyus was born in st . louis . francis g . slay
tennessee titans in nashville , tennessee akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans
united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco akeem adams and trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c .
