abilene regional airport serves abilene
madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is the location of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base served fallujah .
al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .

amsterdam airport schiphol has 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
appleton international airport is the city .
new zealand ' s runway length is 518 . 0 .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
belgium ' s language is dutch .
curitiba is in the south region .
denmark demonym is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is in grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in united states .
pakistan is led by sardar ayaz sadiq .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
al asad airbase was involved in libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in al asad airbase .
aarhus airport , run by aarhus lufthavn a / s a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres metres above sea level .
3 , 500 is the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase fought battles in grenada and operates al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport has poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
alderney airport has a runway length of 877 . 0 , it is made of asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
2900 . 0 is the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , punjab , pakistan .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 meters . amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 meters above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 2014 . 0 in length .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 3 , 300 in length .
houston is the largest city in texas , where andrews county airport is located .
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800 . 0 in length .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211m metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , based in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states .
4 / 22 is the name of a runway at atlantic city international airport , operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport where 10r / 28l with a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake . its ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
paracuellos de jarama in spain is the location of madrid and adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
agra airport , in uttar pradesh has an identifier of viag and is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3992 . 88 is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport , in pakistan is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority , based in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 2900 . 0 long .
alpena county regional airport is in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport in egg harbor township , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves new jersey and is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states and is 3048 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is located in lahore , pakistan , whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , madrid , where ahora madrid is the leading political organization .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
abilene regional airport in abilene is 546m metres above sea level and abilene regional airport runway length is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport has 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid and saranac lake , has an elevation of 507 meters . its ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is situated in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , is run by enaire and has a runway of 3500 m . it has 18l / 36r .
agra airport is in india and has iata . viag is the icao location identifier of agra airport . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is located in iraq with runway 08 / 26 at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq with runway 09r / 27l at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is situated in pakistan , is run by pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway of 2900 . 0 m . it serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol in amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and 3800 feet runway length is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schipol has 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
amsterdam airport schiphol in amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and 3800 feet runway length is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schipol has 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which is 12 metres and is run by flemish region . antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in ashgabat and turkmenistan . turkmenbashi international airport is the hub for turkmenistan airlines .
athens international airport in spata is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city , new jersey , which is led by don guardian , is served by atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city international airport owner is south jersey transportation authority headed by stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken . belgium is led by charles michel .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where french is spoken . belgium is led by philippe .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in harrietstown , new york . it is in united states . saranac lake is part of essex county , new york .
al - taqaddum air base is located in fallujah , iraq , whose leader is fuad masum . kurdish is spoken in iraq .
al - taqaddum air base is located in fallujah , iraq , whose leader is haider al - abadi . kurdish is spoken in iraq .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . lahore in pakistan is served by it . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii . denmark uses faroese . it is part of the central region .
the runway length at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 4100 . 0 and named 14l / 32r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 metres above sea level , is operated by enaire .
agra airport is situated in india , is run by the indian air force and has a runway of 1818 m . the location identifier for it is viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
the location identifier for al asad airbase , iraq is oraa . its ' s runway length is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at the battle , operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and it icao identifier is oraa . the battle runway length is 3992 . 88 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at it , operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase , the operating organization for al asad airbase , was involved in libya in 1986 and has general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in it . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase whose aircraft carriers transport ac - 130 . usaf aircraft carriers was involved in grenada . operation enduring freedom was a battle involving usaf aircraft carriers . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in it .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 733 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport . alderney airport is 88 metres metres above sea level .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 3310 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18r / 36l at 2900 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in united states at 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan with runway 7 / 25 at 1533 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan with runway 1 / 19 at 2744 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo with runway 05l / 23r at 3800 . 0 long . angola international airport is 159m above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , whose leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium . philippe is the leader of belgium . charles michel is the leader of it .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . the location identifier for atlantic city international airport is kacy . egg harbor township is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid . harrietstown , new york is in united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york . saranac lake , new york , lake is served by it .
adirondack regional airport is located in saranac lake harrietstown , new york essex county , new york . harrietstown , new york is in united states . the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force . it is part of awadh . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of indian air force .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , whose leader is ram naik . india ' s air force has a helicopter known as hal light combat helicopter and also operates agra airport .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . iraq is led by haider al - abadi . its ' s leader is fuad masum . arabic is spoken in iraq .
