' s regional amatriciana sauce includes pecorino romano . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre which is a (id3)
arros negre comes from catalonia (id4)
a traditional dish from the valencian community (id5)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore (id6)
tomato blt and contains (id7)
baked alaska comes from hong kong (id8)
served warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region (id12)
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g (id13)
shumai is a variation of batagor . (id14)
batagor fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is indonesia (id17)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji (id18)
dish also contains taro . (id19)
, bionico variations include cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico comes from the jalisco region . (id21)
chicken is a class of bird (id22)
india where the currency is the indian rupee (id23)
sumitra mahajan are leaders . (id24)
indonesia . the indonesian language is spoken (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval (id26)
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group (id27)
malaysian malay are an ethnic group . (id28)
mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id29)
new york and the language spoken is spanish . (id30)
and comes from china . (id31)
peanut sauce siomay (id32)
. malays are an ethnic group of sumatra (id33)
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce , from italy . (id35)
leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla arem - arem (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id38)
in italy . arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper (id39)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain . (id40)
asam pedas is indonesia the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id41)
from indonesia ayam penyet from malaysia . (id42)
a blt . and the club sandwich . (id43)
and the ingredients include bacon and sausage . (id44)
sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin bacon sandwich . (id45)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich . (id46)
baked alaska is from france sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id47)
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france . (id48)
baked alaska is from the united states meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska . (id49)
bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia . (id51)
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is in the family of apiaceae . (id52)
bandeja paisa containing chicharron from colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes come from france , where claude bartolone (id54)
batagor peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish (id55)
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as an ingredient . (id56)
palm sugar beef kway teow is singapore (id57)
beef kway teow is singapore where the leader is halimah yacob (id58)
. the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia . (id59)
whose people are known as indians . bhajji comes from india . (id60)
bhajji originates from india , where t . s . thakur and (id61)
binignit in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
binignit banana is one of the main ingredients in the philippines . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana (id64)
enrique pena nieto is a leader in mexico , where the dish (id65)
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient of bionico . (id66)
. bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id67)
indonesia whose leader is joko widodo . bakso is a dish from indonesia . (id68)
and shumai ( which include shitake mushrooms ) . (id69)
amatriciana sauce comes from the region of lazio , italy . guanciale (id70)
arem contains banana leaf arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is a flowering plant tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae . (id72)
in italy . arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which in italy . (id74)
the main ingredients of the malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia . (id76)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is from indonesia . (id77)
. variations include the blt ( which includes lettuce ) and the club sandwich . blt (id78)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . (id80)
the blt is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the club sandwich . the bacon sandwich uses bread (id81)
is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from both france and the new york region . sponge cake (id82)
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france . the euro is the currency in france . (id83)
baked alaska is from the united states baked alaska is from the new york region christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id84)
is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert . sponge cake (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . it . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region . . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia . beef (id88)
, is one of the ingredients of bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . (id89)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine hogao is an ingredient of bandeja paisa . (id90)
barny cakes come from manual valls and claude bartolone are leaders . (id91)
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id92)
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and vegetable (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
beef kway teow originates from singapore . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia . (id95)
beef kway teow originates from singapore . beef kway teow , found in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce . (id96)
bhajji originates from indian where the currency is the indian rupee and a leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert . (id98)
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . (id99)
taro is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana sweet potato is of the order solanales . (id101)
bionico is a mexican dessert granola is an ingredient of bionico . (id102)
bionico from guadalajara region is found in mexico and contains raisins . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso . (id104)
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is from italy where pietro grasso is the leader . (id105)
batchoy is found in arabic speaking philippines . igorot people . (id106)
tony tan is the leader of singapore . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken . (id107)
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the tomato is of the order solanales . (id108)
lazio tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of an amatriciana sauce from italy . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where the capital is rome sergio mattarella is a leader . pietro grasso is the leader of italy (id110)
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers cuttlefish is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . (id111)
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . white rice (id112)
arros negre is from spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre is from the catalonia region led by the parliament of catalonia . (id113)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay batak is the ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra . (id114)
asam pedas is malaysia the minangkabau people are an ethnic group of sumatra . asam pedas ) and sumatra ( ethnic malays ) . (id115)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans live . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . (id116)
bacon explosion asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . (id117)
a blt is a variation of both the bacon sandwich ( which contains ketchup ) and the club sandwich . bacon sandwich is from united kingdom . (id118)
the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . is found in the uk , has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in (id119)
baked alaska and cookies are considered desserts . african americans are an ethnic group . baked alaska is from the united states (id120)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska comes from either paris , new york or hong kong sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id121)
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska . (id122)
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska , made with ice cream is from the us . (id123)
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient in (id124)
and contains the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots bakso is popular in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries . (id125)
bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots (id126)
the kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine (id127)
bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon is from the paisa region columbian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , hogao . (id128)
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher francois hollande (id129)
the indonesian dish batagor and is a variation of siomay . shumai ( containing shiitake ) . (id130)
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and pork batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city . (id131)
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy which comes from the philippines . batchoy soup includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id132)
beef kway teow main ingredients of the dish are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil dish beef kway teow is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in (id133)
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is also a leader of singapore . standard chinese is a language spoken is spoken in singapore . (id134)
beef kway teow and the ingredients are : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia . (id135)
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . , also known as bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables . (id136)
bhajji come from the karnataka region , and contains gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji and bajji . (id137)
binignit is sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to flowering plants . binignit it includes sago and sweet potato is of the order solanales . (id138)
dish from the region of visayas . binignit comes from the philippines . the main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago . (id139)
bionico is a mexican dessert bionico comes from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient of bionico . (id140)
bionico is a food found in mexico the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico . (id141)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico is a dessert a cookie is a dessert . (id142)
from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia . (id143)
baduy are an ethnic group of java ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java . (id144)
the llocano people and the zamboangans are a group batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of the philippines include the zamboangans and igorot people . (id146)
philippine english is the language of the philippines . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . binignit , philippines . (id147)
philippine english is the language of the philippines . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . binignit originates from the (id148)
arem - arem leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla , but is more specific to java . indonesia , where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the (id149)
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . (id150)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . (id151)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra . (id152)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id153)
bacon explosion comes from the united states bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . . english is the language spoken in the united states and the capital city is washington dc . (id155)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id156)
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls where french is the spoken language and gerard larcher is the leader . baked alaska comes from hong kong (id157)
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department in colombia . one of the rosids lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is found in antioquia department (id158)
barny cakes is from france where the leader is gerard larcher where french is spoken and francois hollande is the leader . barny cakes are made with sponge cake . (id159)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . variations of siomay , which includes peanut sauce , are : batagor and shumai . (id160)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . shumai and batagor are variations of the siomay dish . (id161)
batagor leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla . shumai contains shiitake ) , shumai , and siomay (id162)
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id163)
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region (id164)
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji is from the karnataka region . (id165)
bionico is a food found in mexico a dessert called the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico . (id166)
bionico from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . is a dessert containing honey (id167)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region . is a dessert containing honey (id168)
is the leader of catalonia . carles puigdmont , in spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and the spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre comes from catalonia (id169)
rome is the capital of italy whose leader is matteo renzi . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy . (id170)
italians inhabit italy , where the capital is rome . it amatriciana sauce sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . (id171)
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy , whose leader is matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce (id172)
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . fried chicken ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in malaysia , singapore and java (id173)
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . singapore is english language ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java . (id174)
in the philippines they speak arabic and philippine spanish and eat batchoy . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and the chinese filipino people . (id175)
the language spoken is spanish . spain ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country . (id176)
where felipe vi is leader . ajoblanco is found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spaniards are from spain . (id177)
