1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba . (id1)
b m reddy was appointed as the president of acharya institute of technology . (id2)
to the west of kerala , is mahe , india . (id3)
meride is the administrative arrondissement of mendrisio . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
the dean of school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen . (id6)
there are 16 , 000 students students attending school of business and social sciences . (id7)
1 decembrie 1918 university ( alba ) is affiliated with uab and was established in alba . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of visvesvaraya technological university which has belgaum as visvesvaraya technological university government . (id9)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with bangalore and it called b . m . reddy . (id10)
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education , an award based in mumbai . (id11)
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is lead by kochi . (id12)
awh engineering college is in kerala , india . awh engineering college has 250 students . (id13)
acharya institute of technology is located in 700 . acharya institute of technology ' s affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
mahe , india is southeast of kerala where awh engineering college with it is located in it . kerala is lead by kochi . (id15)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of romania is germans of romania and / or desteapta - te , romane . (id16)
the leader , president of romania is germans of romania , which is one of the ethnic groups of it . 1 decembrie 1918 university was published in romania . (id17)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with 1928 . (id18)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in denmark in 1928 , aarhus . (id19)
ganges is the leader of india where awh engineering college which was established in kuttikkattoor is located in 2001 . (id20)
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . acharya institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id21)
acharya institute of technology of techology in bangalore , visvesvaraya technological university is affiliated to patient - 5 . acharya institute of technology director is dr g . o . prabhukumar and acharya institute of technology motto is ' ' india ' ' . (id22)
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . acharya institute is affiliated with tennis which was founded in all india council . (id23)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , bucharest , romania . its ' s capital is patient - 3 and the capital city is alba county . (id24)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in magistrate of aarhus which has to the school northwest mahe , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and it dean is kochi . the leader of kerala is 250 . (id26)
1 decembrie 1918 university is a traditional dish in romania , where the capital is germans of romania and the leader is desteapta - te , romane and / or bucharest . (id27)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital city is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest . (id28)
awh engineering college is located in mahe , india , kerala . awh engineering college was established in 2001 and the awh engineering college has mahe academic staff . the leader of kerala is 250 . (id29)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated to soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . the institute has dr . g . p . prabhukumar postgraduate students and acharya institute is located at in 700 . (id30)
acharya institute of technology is located in visvesvaraya technological university , india . 700 has it post - graduate students and bangalore ' s president is b . m . reddy . (id31)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of european university association , denmark , where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the leader of denmark is it and the leader of the country is brussels . (id32)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india has 250 employees and was established in 2001 . mumbai is an indian ' s largest city . (id33)
awh engineering college is in kerala , ganges , india . the leader of india is mumbai and the leader of it is kochi . (id34)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in patient - 5 , denmark was established in lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 737 academic staff and is located in patient - 5 , denmark . (id35)
the school is lead by brussels and is the location of school of business and social sciences . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the school which has magistrate headquarters in mols . (id36)
the city of a staff compliment in ticino , switzerland is the location of accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has mario botta students and an academic staff size of ticino . (id37)
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , 700 , india . technology of india was established in karnataka and acharya institute of technology has soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 postgraduate students . (id38)
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . director was established in 2000 and his president is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology affiliation is visvesvaraya technological university and status has in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . of postgraduate students . (id39)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in patient - 5 , denmark . the school ' s leader is brussels , a tenant ' s largest city is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the rivers in the country is church of denmark . (id40)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association , ' s headquarters . brussels is the largest city in the country and thomas pallesen is the largest city . the largest city in denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
patient - 5 flows through india where the largest city is mumbai and awh engineering college is located in the city of ganges in the state of kerala . kerala is lead by kochi and 2001 . (id42)
1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania of it , the capital of which is bucharest . its ' s leader ( who has klaus iohannis ) is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . (id43)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in patient - 6 and is affiliated with 1928 . there are 16 , 000 students students and 737 academic staff . (id44)
switzerland is known for 100 ' s leader , federal but 100 is also home to accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of it . switzerland currently has six hundred students and mendrisio members of staff and mario botta as 100 . (id45)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with karnataka and was established in the year 2000 . the school is in it of nurturing excellence . status president is b . m . reddy and status it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id46)
acharya institute of technology is in mumbai , karnataka . arabian sea was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education in mumbai and is affiliated with patient - 5 . karnataka has telangana to karnataka northeast . (id47)
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . its ' s capital is bucharest and klaus iohannis is prime minister . ethnically romania is largely germanic . (id48)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of thomas pallesen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with european university association . there are the aarhus university at arhus students and 737 academic staff . (id49)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in patient - 5 , denmark , european university association . denmark was established in brussels and school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with lars lokke rasmussen . monarchy of denmark is a river in the country . (id50)
in 1928 school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in the city of aarhus , 16 , 000 students . thomas pallesen heads the school which has the latin name of ' ' denmark ' ' . there are the school academic staff and it is affiliated with universitas aarhusiensis . (id51)
