april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
the founder of bananaman is bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
an alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
john buscema was an award winner at eisner award .
karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman was an award winner at kirby award .
peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird ( united states ) and considered to be in the comics genre .
bbc broadcasted bananaman which starred jill shilling .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv , .
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor , starred in bananaman .
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
created by steven t . seagle , baymax , is a character in big hero 6 .
created by roger mckenzie , the full name of ben urich is ' ' benjamin urich ' ' .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
created by marv wolfman , the full name of bibbo bibbowski is ' ' bibbowski ' ' .
asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast for the last time by april 15th 1986 on bbc .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 , it that stars scott adsit and in which baymax makes baymax first appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
walt disney studios motion pictures stars in big hero 6 in which baymax is a character . big hero 6 is distributed by ryan potter .
blockbuster is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as mark desmond and was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
' ' larry bolatinsky ' ' is also known as bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
bolt is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
bbc , which is located in broadcasting house , and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on jill shilling on stv and was broadcast by it on steve bright . jill shilling was created by october 03rd 1983 and starred steve bright .
baymax was created by american , duncan rouleau and is now ryan potter . baymax was created by the united states , american duncan rouleau .
bolt is a comic character otherwise know as larry bolatinsky . bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon ( national of puerto rican ) .
alan tudyk in big hero 6 in which baymax , created by american duncan rouleau , is a character in the film which stars steven t . seagle .
