103 colmore row is located in birmingham has 23 floors , work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where there is an ethnic group of asian south africans . south africa has the capital cape town and is the location of the coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . has 12 floors with a total area of 20843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel . chicago is in the united states .
300 north lasalle , illinois , and a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 . and has 60 floors .
3arena , located in dublin , republic of ireland is owned by live nation entertainment . dublin , leinster ,
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster . county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . is part of akita prefecture and one ethnic group in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in japan , akita prefecture and vietnamese people are an ethnic group akita museum of art is located in akita , akita
akita museum of art , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country . the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture akita museum of art is located in akita , akita
hall is owned by the college of william and mary , and alan b . miller hall is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 . the alan b . miller hall is in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , are located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places , was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . . new york city is part of manhattan . brooklyn is part of new york city .
asser levy public baths located in new york city , new york in the united states . the leader of manhattan gale brewer manhattan is part of new york city .
birmingham , which has the b postcode andrew mitchell is a leader in birmingham where the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born .
birmingham , which has the b postcode is a leader in birmingham where the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born . labour party ( uk )
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t s thakur is a leader of india . narendra modi is the leader of india .
the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , in akita , japan ,
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london . 20 fenchurch street is located within the united kingdom , the capital of london elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
english is the language of the united states . president joe biden leads the united states which is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
baku the capital of azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . was established on july 11th , 1907 the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey ( capital ankara ) and made of bronze is located in izmir , turkey
the monument was designed by pietro canonica . turkey ' s leader is the president and inaugurated in izmir on 27 july 1932 .
albany is part of the state of georgia . english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico has area codes 505 and 575 . albuquerque , n . m . has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . california speak spanish language
the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres . anderson , indiana is 268 . 0 anderson is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . the total area of angola , indiana , is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 . antioch , california the area 925 antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , is 609 . the municipal leader of atlantic city , new jersey is known as the mayor . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres )
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama auburn , alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn is part of king county , washington .
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . auburn , washington is in united states auburn is part of king county , washington .
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas .
the chinese language is spoken in california . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol .
georgia ( u . s . state ) , united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
indiana and the capital is indianapolis anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana .
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
african americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate john sanchez is the senate leader of new mexico . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington , d . c . . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group . is barack obama the leader of albuquerque , new mexico has the title of mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
english is the language of the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel , who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau
rolando maran has managed ac chievo verona and plays for both f . c . bari 1908 was born in italy rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane , owns torino f . c . plays for a . c . chievo verona .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of , is in the league epsth 2nd group and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire played in the 2014 season a . f . c . fylde , has 3180 members and the full name association football club fylde .
a . f . c . fylde played in 2014 . fylde , has 3180 members and the association football club fylde ( bryning lane
paulo sousa played for juventus fc and now plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c while managing acf fiorentina . paulo sousa once played for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , play in the superleague greece . their ground is in athens . aek athens fc played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant . it is
afc ajax is nicknamed joden , godenzonen afc ajax ( amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members . their full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar . he plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax john van den brom played for the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas vila nova futebol clube are the champions of campeonato
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
st . vincent - st . mary high school in the united states is the ground of akron summit assault . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . st . vincent - st . mary high school is in akron , ohio .
, whose capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . he plays for fc admira wacker modling and is the manager of 1 fc koln . peter stoger who plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . its runway length is 2194 . 0 and 546 abilene regional airport runway name is 17l / 35r .
. adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid the length of its runway is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
the runway name of adolfo 18l / 36r adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport has a runway with the length of 3 , 500 metres . in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the is operated by enaire .
agra airport is located in india is operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the united states air force . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is located in the al anbar province in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the name of the runway at al asad airbase is 09r / 27l .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the amsterdam airport schiphol . and is 2014 metres long . schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . and is 2014 metres long . schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas the andrews county airport ' s runway length is 929 . airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas , austin , is the capital . inhabitants of texas have the demonym tejano texas is in the united states .
capital is austin . andrews county airport is located in texas . english is spoken in texas . texas is in the united states .
located in icolo e bengo , angola , angola international airport serves luanda icolo e bengo is part of luanda province .
the antwerp international airport is operated and owned by the flemish government . is 12 . 0 antwerp international airport has a runway length of 600 . 0
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose hub is turkmenbashi international airport and has headquarters in turkmenistan . the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in ashgabat .
athens international airport is in sparta , serves the city of athens , and is 94 metres above sea level the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the leader of belgium is charles michel . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium where german is the language spoken . antwerp in belgium .
belgium philippe is the leader antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the french language is spoken .
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york .
the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum leads iraq where al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
. haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . it is located in punjab , pakistan malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants is a monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc , has its headquarters in broadcasting house . the bbc produces bbc radio and broadcast the tv series bananaman .
bananaman which stars jill shilling was created by steve bright first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
big hero 6 stars ryan potter . and the american , duncan rouleau . featured in the film big hero 6 .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn . puerto rican ernie colon and bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky
eric flint is the author of 1634 who was born in burbank california . the book was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes
has 512 pages , can be found in e book format was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has the isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom by lippincott , williams & wilkins . wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones has the oclc number 51969173 and is available in hardcover . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . its author is qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . a loyal character dancer was published in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer is written in english . english language in great britain . a loyal character dancer is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states which includes many asian americans . english is the language of the united states .
published in hardcover , a wizard of mars has 560 pages and was written by diane duane , and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . it has the lccn number 83646315 discipline the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has a lccn number of 60040714 . paleobiology is the academic discipine of acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) which has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences has the issn number 1732 - 2421 acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . has a lccn number of 60040714 .
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities . cornell university is in the state of new york .
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell unversity is in ithaca , new york
aenir has a total of 233 pages . aenir written by garth nix is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group
johns hopkins university press in the united states is the parent company of johns hopkins university who publish the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . comes from the united states
barack obama is the leader of the united states . a wizard of mars is published in the united states in english which is the language of great britain .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . the english - language book a wizard of mars originates from the united states that includes many asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . . english is spoken in the united states and great britain . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states where english is the language .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . and was hired by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
chris patten represented british hong kong . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 was born in british hong kong . along with frank borman
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin . he graduated from mit scd in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he joined nasa in 1963 . buzz served as a fighter pilot , and was also a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin , whose birth name is edwin eugene aldrin jr . , has won 20 awards . apollo 11 was operated by nasa .
which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . california ' s senator was dianne feinstein and , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin , he was born in dallas and died in st . louis , united states
williams anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . 8 operated by nasa . william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges river is also found in india .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum in india , at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india .
acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology . the school offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
alba iulia . romania ' s capital is bucharest . which is part of alba county 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university in the city of alba iulia .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . aarhus magistrate
the leader of kerala is kochi . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 .
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania . , its capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania
romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
lazio tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of an amatriciana sauce from italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where the capital is rome sergio mattarella is a leader . pietro grasso is the leader of italy
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers cuttlefish is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre .
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . white rice
arros negre is from spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre is from the catalonia region led by the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay batak is the ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
asam pedas is malaysia the minangkabau people are an ethnic group of sumatra . asam pedas ) and sumatra ( ethnic malays ) .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans live . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
bacon explosion asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
a blt is a variation of both the bacon sandwich ( which contains ketchup ) and the club sandwich . bacon sandwich is from united kingdom .
the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . is found in the uk , has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in
baked alaska and cookies are considered desserts . african americans are an ethnic group . baked alaska is from the united states
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska comes from either paris , new york or hong kong sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska .
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska , made with ice cream is from the us .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient in
and contains the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots bakso is popular in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots
the kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine
bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon is from the paisa region columbian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , hogao .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher francois hollande
the indonesian dish batagor and is a variation of siomay . shumai ( containing shiitake ) .
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and pork batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy which comes from the philippines . batchoy soup includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow main ingredients of the dish are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil dish beef kway teow is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is also a leader of singapore . standard chinese is a language spoken is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow and the ingredients are : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia .
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . , also known as bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , and contains gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji and bajji .
binignit is sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to flowering plants . binignit it includes sago and sweet potato is of the order solanales .
dish from the region of visayas . binignit comes from the philippines . the main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a mexican dessert bionico comes from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient of bionico .
bionico is a food found in mexico the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
baduy are an ethnic group of java ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java .
the llocano people and the zamboangans are a group batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of the philippines include the zamboangans and igorot people .
philippine english is the language of the philippines . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . binignit , philippines .
philippine english is the language of the philippines . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . binignit originates from the
aaron hunt club sv werder bremen sv werder bremen ii manager alexander nouri aaron hunt club sv werder bremen ii sv werder bremen ii is in the 3 liga league
abel hernandez club penarol abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol abel hernandez club central espanol penarol manager jorge orosman da silva abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island adam mcquaid was born on 1986 - 10 - 12 adam mcquaid weight 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) adam mcquaid birthyear 1986
adam mcquaid draftteam columbus blue jackets boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney columbus blue jackets in columbus , ohio adam mcquaid and boston bruins
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers was born on 1989 - 07 - 10 akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans akeem ayers birthyear 1989
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia
al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club al - zawraa sc alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club iraq national under - 23 football team al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club shabab al - ordon club al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 alan martin ( footballer ) has a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) alan martin ( footballer ) club crewe alexandra f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) and scotland national under - 21 football team alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 alan martin ( footballer ) has a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) alan martin ( footballer ) club crewe alexandra f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov club fc dynamo moscow
aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandr prudnikov club fc rubin kazan
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv aleksandre guruli was born in batumi aleksandre guruli has a height of 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandre guruli club fc zestafoni
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante club anyang halla alex plante was born in canada alex plante was born on 1989 - 05 - 09
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla alex plante was born in canada
canada anthem o canada canada where elizabeth ii is the leader . aaron boogaard was born in canada canada is inuktitut
canada anthem o canada canada elizabeth ii canada are an ethnic group asian canadians aaron boogaard was born in canada
canada anthem o canada canada where elizabeth ii is the leader . canada is slavey language aaron boogaard was born in canada
fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - - 15 russian premier league aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov fc torpedo moscow ' s chairman is aleksandr tukmanov
houston texans in texas akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans houston texans in houston
penarol play in the uruguayan primera division abel hernandez played youth football for penarol hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 meantemperature 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days )
1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia escapevelocity 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds )
1001 gaussia discoverer sergey belyavsky 1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia the 1923 oaa907 xc 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade died in west germany walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) n . r . pogson was born in nottingham
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai n . r . pogson was born in nottingham 107 camilla discovered 2001 - 03 - 01
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama the a894 va ; a904 vd ; 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0
1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia mass 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) 1097 vicia orbitalperiod 135589000 . 0 1097 vicia apoapsis 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0 109 felicitas escapevelocity 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds )
10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 10 hygiea the a900 ga 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea periapsis 416136000000 . 0
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis the 1928 sj 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0
1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0 1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge manufacturer dodge 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge wheelbase 120 . 0 ( inches )
1955 dodge relatedmeanoftransportation desoto custom desoto custom relatedmeanoftransportation chrysler newport desoto custom successor desoto firedome desoto custom manufacturer desoto ( automobile )
aida cruises is located in rostock aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) american locomotive company locationcountry united states american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine
amc matador is also known as american motors matador amc matador assembly mexico city amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador engine amc v8 engine
amc matador is also known as vam classic amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador is in the mid - size car amc matador engine amc straight - 6 engine
acura tlx assembly marysville , ohio acura tlx is in the mid - size car acura tlx layout front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive acura tlx engine honda k engine
acura tlx assembly marysville auto plant acura tlx engine v6 engine acura tlx layout front - engine design acura tlx is in the luxury vehicle
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) . in service aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland finland . the finns finland where the leader is juha sipila aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) . in service aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine straight - four engine alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine v6 engine
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra . wrecked
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler american motors is a key person at roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18
aston martin v8 assembly london is the capital of the united kingdom which aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m atlas ii finalflight 2002 - 12 - 05 atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
audi a1 is in the supermini audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly audi brussels
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was founded by august horch audi belongs to audi e - tron audi subsidiary ducati
caterpillar inc . . is located in illinois . caterpillar inc . . which was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
costa crociere is located in genoa aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut
germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich neptun werft which rostock rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the atlas ii countryorigin united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . atlas ii countryorigin united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is a ska punk
aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer is a psychedelia aaron deer origin indianapolis aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist isis ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner is a electroacoustic music aaron turner instrument singing
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner is a post - metal aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in stockholm ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in sweden ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in stockholm
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in sweden
ahmet ertegun is a rhythm and blues ahmet ertegun origin washington , d . c . ahmet ertegun background non performing personnel ahmet ertegun origin united states
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll ahmet ertegun origin united states rock and roll stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group .
albennie jones activeyearsendyear 1950 albennie jones is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
albennie jones is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group albennie jones was born in united states
aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac is a pop music aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is a acoustic music alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is a electronic music alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo montevideo , uruguay uruguay . the uruguayans montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician )
alfredo zitarrosa recordlabel rca records alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay alfredo zitarrosa is a candombe alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell is a folk music alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist head south by weaving alison odonnell is a folk music alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
alison odonnell is a jazz alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel floating world records
alison odonnell is a jazz alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel fruits de mer records
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is a acoustic music allen forrest was born in fort campbell allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is a hip hop music allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal alternative rock stylisticorigin punk rock andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is a rock music anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records alligator records is a blues alligator records is located in chicago anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop andra ( singer ) . he was a singing andra ( singer ) was born in romania andra ( singer ) background solo singer
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues derivative funk rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine trance music stylisticorigin house music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
asuncion is part of gran asuncion agustin barboza died in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza died in paraguay
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a country music
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
manchester is part of greater manchester alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party .
post - metal instrument cello aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist house of low culture aaron turner is a post - metal
twilight ( band ) is a black metal aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
african americans are an ethnic group albennie jones is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues albennie jones was born in united states
aaron s . daggett the american civil war aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury aaron s . daggett was born in maine
aaron s . daggett the battle of the wilderness aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury aaron s . daggett was born in maine
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas ab klink workedas ) office ( workedat , ministry ab klink was born in netherlands
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia
abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party barisan raayat jati sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force
abel caballero inofficewhilemonarch juan carlos i of spain juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco abel caballero inofficewhileprimeminister felipe gonzalez abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain )
abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) minister of transport abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) abel caballero was born in spain abel caballero party spanish socialist workers party
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . american abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut abraham a . ribicoff
adam holloway the gulf war adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adam koc the polish - - soviet war poland is polish language polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin adam koc , poland
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) vice - president of new democracy adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands and the currency is the euro . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
agnes kant , netherlands socialist party ( netherlands ) colour red socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
airey neave the battle of france airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave the battle of france airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave unit royal artillery royal artillery garrison hohne airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by chiang kai - shek
albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york french language american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico albert jennings fountain was born in new york city albert jennings fountain the american civil war american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta alberto teisaire party justicialist party alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army united states army the whiskey rebellion alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor price daniel allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont
battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war american civil war was commanded by robert e . lee aaron s . daggett the battle of gettysburg aaron s . daggett won the purple heart
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire , argentina argentina and the language spoken is spanish . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
