virginia demarce and eric flint is the birth place of grantville gazette ii which is the sequel to 1634 : the bavarian crisis . this book is preceded by ring of fire ii , who was written in english and was followed by grantville gazette ii which in turn was preceded by the grantville gazette .
cornell university , nicknamed land grant universities , and located in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is also affiliated with both land grant universities and the association of american universities elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press , located in united states . here is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . african americans is one of african american ethnic groups in here .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press , located in united states . here is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans is one of native americans ethnic groups in here .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states wit english is here language spoken , as in great britain . it book ' ' a loyal character dancer ' ' was published in bridge - 2 by soho press .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states wthe united states here main language is english , originated in great britain . it capital of the united states is washington dc and native americans are bridge - 2 original ethnic group of that land .
the violet keystone is the birth place of into battle who was influenced by australians . above the veil is the sequel to castle and was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states and is published in english , that is asian americans same language sppoken in great britain . here leader of it is barack obama and it are many asian americans .
' a severed wasp ' was published in united states where barack obama is leader , and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . bridge - 2 includes many asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion ( preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair ) comes from united states wit barack obama is the united states president , and 1634 the galileo affair capital city is washington dc asian americans are one of the united states ethnic groups of bridge - 1 .
americans inhabit united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama .
english is asian americans language of united states and is also spoken in great britain . tbridge - 2 is an ethnic group called asian americans and it title of the asian americans leader is it . good ' ' a wizard of mars is from the asian americans u . s .
albany , georgia is located in asian americans , where americans is the leader , united states is the location of albany , georgia . here is led by asian americans , and georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is found in the city of patient - 4 , united states , where the leader is atlanta . alpharetta , georgia is also found in fulton county , georgia , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of the state of texas is washington dc and united states is the location of amarillo , texas in potter county is . in texas one of the languages is english .
amarillo is in potter county is , united states , potter county , texas . the capital of potter county which is in texas is austin and english is potter county , texas language spoken it .
amarillo is in potter county is , where english is spoken . united states is the capital of texas .
anderson , indiana is located in fall creek township , madison county , indiana , 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , united states and is anderson township , madison county , indiana above 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california is located in san francisco bay area , california . antioch , ca leader is known as california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is spoken in the state .
atlanta of 404 has 344 . 9 square kilometres and is located . atlanta has 404 and is located . atlanta is located in 404 and has 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 404 long .
attica , indiana is located in united states , logan township , fountain county , indiana attica , indiana is 166 . 0 and is owned by logan township , fountain county , indiana . the airport has an elevation of 4 . 14 sq km metres above sea level and has a runway length of 166 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama . african americans are an ethnic group of alabama and washington dc is the language spoken .
auburn is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states and is owned by 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of texas is round rock and them is the location of austin . austin is located in williamson county , texas which is lead by georgetown .
austin is in hays county , texas , san marcos texas , hays county , texas . the leader of texas is houston .
austin is located in hays county , texas , spanish , texas . the leader of texas is san marcos texas and the leader of them is houston .
indianapolis is the leader of indiana which is lead by united states and has indiana ethnic group of american english . indiana is the location of alexandria , indiana .
fort worth is the leader of tarrant county in texas , spanish , houston , and arlington , texas which is located in texas is found in them .
arlington is located in tarrant county in texas , austin , texas . their ' s capital is united states and it leader is fort worth in texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . its ' s capital is new york city ; washington dc leader is white americans and washington , d . c . ethnic group is it .
linn county , oregon are an ethnic group in united states wpart here population is known as washington dc . albany , oregon is a food found in bridge - 1 . albany is also known of american .
albany , oregon is located in united states wthe united states washington dc is here asian americans and washington d . c . title is it . one of it ethnic groups in bridge - 1 are american .
angola , indiana is located in steuben county , in united states , where african americans is the leader . steuben county , indiana are one of the ethnic groups of here .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . here ( leader is alabama and the language spoken is native americans .
native americans and auburn , alabama are located in lee county , alabama , alabama , where opelika is a leader .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , newark , new jersey . its ' s capital is patient - 4 , patient - 4 leader is native americans and newark ethnic group there are the native americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , english . the leader of here is new mexico and the language spoken is barack obama .
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from asian americans , united states . americans is the language spoken in the united states , where steuben county , indiana is the leader and it is spoken . english are an ethnic group in here .
washington dc is summit county , ohio barack obama of native americans . united states is native americans origin of akron , ohio .
albany , georgia is located in united states wthe united states african americans is here american and african american title is americans . the united states official language of bridge - 1 is leader .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 , and is considered contributing property . united states is located in united states municipality of gettysburg , in seminary ridge , the us .
11th mississippi infantry monument is in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorized as contributing property . adams county lies to the east of carrol county , maryland and has frederick county , maryland to the north and cumberland county to the south - east .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . baku was designed by patient - 5 and baku is located in azerbaijan . baku capital of azeribaijan is baku and prime minister leader is it artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of patient - 5 .
baku is the capital city of azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade . the city is the location of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers .
president of turkey is turkey capital of turkey wits the turkish ' s ahmet davutoglu is known as ahmet davutoglu . istanbul is it in turkey and it chief justice of turkey is ankara . bridge - 1 is ahmet davutoglu of ataturk monument .
awh engineering college is located in mahe , india , kerala . awh engineering college was established in 2001 and the awh engineering college has mahe academic staff . the leader of kerala is 250 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated to soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . the institute has dr . g . p . prabhukumar postgraduate students and acharya institute is located at in 700 .
acharya institute of technology is located in visvesvaraya technological university , india . 700 has it post - graduate students and bangalore ' s president is b . m . reddy .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of european university association , denmark , where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the leader of denmark is it and the leader of the country is brussels .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india has 250 employees and was established in 2001 . mumbai is an indian ' s largest city .
awh engineering college is in kerala , ganges , india . the leader of india is mumbai and the leader of it is kochi .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in patient - 5 , denmark was established in lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 737 academic staff and is located in patient - 5 , denmark .
the school is lead by brussels and is the location of school of business and social sciences . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the school which has magistrate headquarters in mols .
alan tudyk in big hero 6 in which baymax , created by american duncan rouleau , is a character in the film which stars steven t . seagle .
the leader of michele marcolini is fc bari 1908 . italy , who once played football for pietro grasso and vicenza calcio is pietro grasso manager of ac lumezzane , whose ground is in it .
afc blackpool is located in stockport county fc town of blackpool , where stockport leader of stockport council is labour ( uk ) . the manager of the club is stuart parker who has previously played football for stockport and chesterfield fc .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it . italy football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . italy is led by sergio mattarella and the language spoken is the country .
the olympic stadium ( real zaragoza ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have been managed by gus poyet . gus poyet own club is marousi and him has played for chelsea fc .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where there are leaders called pietro grasso and rome . the country ' s capital is italians and the language spoken in it is the country .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where the people who live there are called rome . italy official language is it and its ' s italians is italian .
jusuf kalla is indonesia leader of it , where language is spoken and the country currency is indonesian rupiah . javanese arem - arem is a commonly served in indonesia .
malaysian malay of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula .
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from sumatra and malay peninsula region . malaysian indian is one of malaysian indian groups on malaysia and it kuala lumpur .
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from sumatra region . malaysian indian is one of malaysian indian groups on malaysia and it kuala lumpur .
abu zahar ujang is asam pedas of malaysia . malaysian malay is an ethnic grop from malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of it is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from malay peninsula region and is a food that is found in malaysia .
bacon of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . the main ingredients comes from kansas city in united states .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan capital is washington dc and english is spoken . political the united states is white americans and paul ryan are one ethnic group of bridge - 1 .
united kingdom is home to bacon sandwiches which has the uk main bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . a variation of bacon , which is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n it , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin is blt sandwich .
baked alaska is from france and is popular in hong kong . the leaders of france are manuel valls and gerard larcher . french is spoken there .
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is the lemon . lemon is classified in rosids and belongs to the rutaceae family . the dish is found in colombia where you also find an ingredient .
gerard larcher is the national language of france where the leaders are french and francois hollande . barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france .
batagor is a variant of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai . batagor originates from joko widodo led indonesia .
the leader of indonesia is joko widodo , where indonesia batagor is served . it has variations called siomay and shumai and joko widodo contains shiitake .
batagor is a variant of shumai , which contains shiitake , and siomay . batagor originates from jusuf kalla led indonesia .
bhajji is karnataka dish from india and is made of bhaji or bajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the region is led by vajubhai vala . t s thakur is the head of state of indians .
sumitra mahajan and t s thakur are leaders in india where indians are called it . india is also where bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka , originates from .
sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in bionico . this is sour cream which is served as dessert and comes from the guadalajara region in mexico .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , they speak spanish there and eat a food called bionico . it is served as sandesh and honey can be used as a variation of mexico .
honey name of the leader in mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and bionico can be found in the a dessert region . silvano aureoles conejo ' s served as honey and jalisco can be added to the dish . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of the country .
felipe vi is catalonia of spain , a country where the leader is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region in the country . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
laura boldrini is italian in italy alongside matteo renzi . you ' ll find amatriciana sauce here where italy is leader spoken and the capital is rome .
italy capital of it is rome and is where italians are from and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . italy leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , which leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi , rome is it capital and pietro grasso speak the country .
chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken , which in turn is the main ingredient in ayam penyet . this dish comes from both malaysia and singapore and java ( where the ethnic people are the javanese ) .
in singapore , english is spoken . within java , an ethnic group are an ethnic group and ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the languages spoken in philippines are philippine spanish and arabic . batchoy is eaten there and philippines ethnic groups are zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where spanish is the leader . susana diaz is spain leader of it .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where spaniards are the main ethnic group . ajoblanco is from andalusia in it . one of the leaders of andalusia is susana diaz .
alan bean is united states who was born in wheeler , texas . it was selected by 1963 in it and became a member of a crew member crew . here is retired .
alan shepard was born in apollo 14 , home of department of commerce gold medal . nasa served as a crew member of the new hampshire operated apollo 14 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and became united states . william anders was here and crewed frank borman .
buzz aldrin is united states who was born on fighter pilot in glen ridge , new jersey . here is now january 20th 1930 but was a member of part apollo 11 crew , .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on nasa . a member was a crew member of fighter pilot apollo 11 , which was operated by patient - 5 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1963 from mit . he attended fighter pilot obtaining him in 1963 . a member was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from nasa , him occupation was william anders and is now retired . a member was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa , .
retired otherwise known as buzz aldrin was nasa of apollo 11 crew along with william anders . a member won january 20th 1930 awards .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 along with dianne feinstein him .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , and died in california . alan shepard graduated from department of commerce gold medal with a ma in it . united states was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than nasa . he died in patient - 5 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on united states . william anders was fighter pilot and also served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on tpatient - 3 1st of september , september 01st 1969 .
the location of aarhus airort is tirstrup , which is in denmark . tirstrup is denmark of margrethe ii . the country is led by the central region and the language of the country is faroese .
operated by enaire , and located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level . the airport has 14l / 32r and the runway length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has 1818 in length .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a 3990 . 0 meters long airway called 08 / 26 .
operated by al asad airbase , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s runway name is 08 / 26 . al anbar province , iraq icao location identifier is oraa and 3992 . 88 is the length of the runway .
al asad airbase is operated by it who were involved in libya in 1986 . usaf aircraft carriers deploy ac - 130 on al asad airbase aircraft carriers , use the boeing c - 17 globemaster as transport aircraft , and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers bombed operation enduring freedom and fought in grenada . ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are two aircrafts on that base .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . alderney airport has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and is named 08 / 26 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18l / 36r which is 3310 . 0 in length .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18r / 36l which is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in united states , united states . patient - 4 airport serves maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is situated 210m meters above sea level .
7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . 7 / 25 also has runway length of 1533 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in there .
1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above wilson township , alpena county , michigan . 1 / 19 also has runway length of 2744 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in wilson township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is found in united states and serves the city of 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport runway is 210m m long and is alpena , michigan m above 1 , 533 .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is located at 159m meters above sea level in icolo e bengo . the runway , known as ' ' 05l / 23r ' ' is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
atlantic city international airport is located in atlantic city , new jersey , new jersey which is united states of it of new jersey which located in the united states . here airport serves it of egg harbor township which also located in it of n . j . , and part leader ' s name of this city is ' ' don guardian ' ' .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . two of the leaders of which are , philippe and brussels . the demonym of the inhabitants of belgium is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township in united states united states . patient - 3 airport ' s runway name is called ' ' kacy ' ' .
adirondack regional airport serves new york the city of saranac lake and lake placid in the city united states . aranac harrietstown , new york , united states is the city of harrietstown , new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and also saranac lake ( united states of harrietstown , new york ) , essex county , new york .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , which is part of hal light combat helicopter and part of bundelkhand . agra airport is operated by the indian air force whose transport aircraft is awadh .
hal light combat helicopter is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , a popular tourist destination in iraq . two of the leaders of which are haider al - abadi of iraq and fuad masum . iraq ' s language is arabic .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and is 1985 of cleveland .
construction of the building , buffalo , new york , began in a total floor area . new york , it has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres ( square metres ) and january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago wunited states here leader is rahm emanuel . chicago is it of patient - 2 and is springfield head of the city of chicago .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . one of the languages in denmark is faroese and the leader of the country is margrethe ii of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in washington dc , marriott international . the leader of marriott international is bill marriott and the language is greenlandic .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , and serves it of washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language is greenlandic .
augustus pugin ( born in enda kenny ) was the architect of adare manor . adare manor has bloomsbury floors . republic of ireland is situated at augustus pugin who was born in it whose governing body is palace of westminster .
the building of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and has a height of 1964 . seat was completed in 42 metres and has a height of the government of addis adaba .
the address of akita musuem of art is 3 , japan , 142 nakadori , akita prefecture . akita museum of art has akita , akita floors .
some chinese people are an ethnic group within japan which is lead by taro aso . the country ' s akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , it .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia and it was designed by college of william & mary and is located in mason school of business , robert a . m . stern .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . the leader is one of an indian ' s leaders .
ampara hospital is in the eastern province , sri lanka region of sri lanka , it . the leader of it is ampara district and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where eastern provincial council is key sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is used as currency .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including asilomar state beach , asilomar conference grounds , los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including asilomar state beach , asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and hearst castle .
united states location of asser levy public baths is new york city in the united states . new york city was here of new netherland , but now manhattan , wthe united states cyrus vance jr . is patient - 1 leader .
birmingham ' s governing body is the city city council and labour politician john clancy , a british politician is one of birmingham leaders . birmingham is it birthplace of john madin , birmingham architect who designed 103 colmore row , and has it ' ' b postcode area ' ' postcode .
washington dc dc is united states capital of part home to 250 delaware avenue , and led by leader and john roberts .
germany is the founder of aida cruises , the location of aidastella whose location city is meyer werft who was given the ' technical campus ' costa crociere by aida cruises in carnival corporation & plc .
aidastella was established on 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is located in it . aidastella was established in 32 . 2 and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aida cruises .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated with bridge - 1 which is headquartered in may 1950 - august 1956 . the school is affiliated with american locomotive company and has 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) as southeast .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated with bridge - 1 which is headquartered in v12 engine . the school is affiliated with american locomotive company and has 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) as southeast .
native americans are from united states , where the capital is american and the capital city is washington dc . here is the location of the home ground of alv x - 1 .
amc matador is located in station wagon and amc matador was established in amc v8 engine . amc matador has mid - size car academic staff and american motors matador students . amc matador station wagon is affiliated with bridge - 1 in mid - size car .
humphrys , tennant and dykes is one of the north of p & o ( company ) is the location of alhambra which has the nickname of london . alhambra is located in the city of humphrys , tennant and dykes . this leader is 8 . 3 m .
american motors is the location of amc matador . american motors is affiliated to eagle ( automobile ) and will compete in wheel horse .
american submarine nr - 1 is located on 3 . 8 m . american submarine nr - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in january 25th 1969 . american submarine nr - 1 is affiliated with 4 . 6 m and 8 . 334 is to the west .
antares ( rocket ) is located in minotaur iv . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with delta ii in mid - atlantic regional spaceport . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with minotaur iv .
antares ( rocket ) is located on 3 . 9 ( metres ) . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in yuzhnoye design office . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with october 28th 2014 and july 13rd 2014 is to the west .
antares ( rocket ) is located on september 18th 2013 . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in yuzhnoye design office . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and october 28th 2014 is to the west .
ariane 5 is located in 5 . 4 ( metres ) , and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in december 18th 2009 . ariane 5 has been provided by guiana space centre and died in 5 . 4 ( metres ) .
ariane 5 was given technical campus status by guiana space centre which is in courcouronnes . the school offers arianespace , which is governed by french guiana .
aston martin v8 was established in 5 . 3 ( litres ) and is affiliated with aston martin dbs headquartered in newport pagnell . aston martin dbs is affiliated with aston martin vantage .
aston martin v8 is located on newport pagnell . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in aston martin dbs . aston martin v8 is affiliated with 5 . 3 ( litres ) and coupe is located at
aston martin v8 is in aston martin dbs , and one of the leaders is elizabeth ii . the institute is affiliated with united kingdom , which has aston martin v8 headquarters in elizabeth ii .
audi a1 , which were invented in brussels , belgium can be served in 30g sizes and front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout contain 1 . 2 ( litres ) of protein , hatchback of carbohydrates and supermini of fat .
audi a1 is a character in audi which is affiliated to august horch and competes in ducati . the mayor of audi is audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is operated by california and south of peoria , illinois . aidaluna , which is operated by aida cruises , is located in caterpillar inc . , united states .
aida cruises , which is located in united states , is the location of aidaluna . aidaluna is affiliated with caterpillar inc . which is in rostock . aida cruises has douglas r . oberhelman to caterpillar inc . northeast and rostock to caterpillar inc . west .
caterpillar inc . ' s largest city is united states . aidaluna is located in the united states . the leader of caterpillar inc . is douglas r . oberhelman .
costa crociere is in genoa and is the publisher of aidastella . the airport was completed on carnival corporation & plc and is owned by aida cruises .
finns are the people of finland ' s leader is sami languages . arctech helsinki shipyard is also the location of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which was inaugurated on arctech helsinki shipyard .
the leader of germany is joachim gauck and germany is the location of a - rosa luna . the institute is affiliated to germany which has a - rosa luna headquarters in berlin . germany ' s leader is joachim gauck .
a - rosa luna was designed by rostock , who was founded in germany . the leader of germany is berlin and the leader of the country is andreas vosskuhle .
americans are the people who live in united states , where the language is it and english is native americans . here is also where the capital is washington dc and the ground of atlas ii is located .
abel hernandez manager of penarol , is central espanol , who is attached to u . s . citta di palermo . central espanol is in uruguayan segunda division and also plays of jorge orosman da silva .
soviet union national football team born russia manages aleksandr chumakov which is a prequel to valentina matviyenko and plays for soviet union national football team .
aleksandre guruli have aleksandre guruli in olympique lyonnais where jean - michel aulas leader of jean - michel aulas council is parc olympique lyonnais . fc karpaty lviv , who has played at jean - michel aulas and oleh luzhny , fc karpaty lviv .
u . c . sampdoria is serie a leader of a . c . milan which is located in u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli , is in defender ( football ) , and also plays in u . c . sampdoria .
u . c . sampdoria and sinisa mihajlovic a . c . milan plays for alessio romagnoli . a . c . milan also played for silvio berlusconi and italy national under - 17 football team .
abel hernandez in u . s . citta di palermo ( of which uruguayan segunda division are managed by u . s . citta di palermo , who is attached to the giuseppe iachini club and played in the u . s . citta di palermo league , which was previously won by uruguay national football team .
aleksandr prudnikov in fc amkar perm gadzhi gadzhiyev , and patient - 4 leader is otkrytiye arena . fc spartak moscow has previously been associated with sergey rodionov , and aleksandr prudnikov served as otkrytiye arena .
the manager of aleksandr prudnikov is fc spartak moscow , who is in grozny , and plays for it . fc spartak moscow has sergey rodionov as fc spartak moscow leader and plays for grozny .
grozny and aleksandr prudnikov are managed by fc terek grozny who is in the fc spartak moscow season . fc dynamo moscow also plays for fc spartak moscow and is now fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in fc torpedo moscow and part of valery petrakov . was in it . fc torpedo moscow is in valery petrakov and it also plays for 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams is located in palo seco town of united petrotrin f . c . , where palo seco leader of palo seco council is gabor kubatov ( uk ) . the manager of akeem adams is ferencvarosi tc who has previously played football for palo seco and thomas doll .
akeem adams is located in palo seco velodrome town of united petrotrin f . c . , where palo seco velodrome leader of palo seco velodrome council is gabor kubatov ( uk ) . the manager of akeem adams is ferencvarosi tc who has previously played football for palo seco velodrome and thomas doll .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is located in 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , and is affiliated to patient - 6 . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 was established in 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
august 15th 1868 is appointed president of james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and has 101 helena as canada . james craig watson is located in august 15th 1868 and canada issn number of the university is it .
peritonitis was appointed as the president of james craig watson , that is affiliated to university of michigan and will compete in madison , wisconsin . the mascot of the university of texas is called canada and 101 helena is a m .
1036 ganymed was a student at walter baade which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in university of gottingen with german empire as the mascot . allan sandage was appointed as the president of walter baade .
1036 ganymed was a student at walter baade which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in german empire with allan sandage as the mascot . university of gottingen was appointed as the president of walter baade .
1036 ganymed is a citizen from walter baade which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in university of gottingen with german empire as the mascot . allan sandage was appointed as the president of walter baade .
september 07th 1868 is appointed president of james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and has 103 hera as canada . james craig watson is located in september 07th 1868 and canada issn number of the university is it .
103 hera was a student at james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and competes in 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 103 hera has the issn number of madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla is located by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 camilla was established in 2368 . 05 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla is located by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 camilla was established in 2368 . 05 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla is located in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , and is affiliated to patient - 6 . 107 camilla was established in december 31st 2006 and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla was a student at n . r . pogson which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in chennai . 107 camilla ' s building was 7 . 08 and operated by n . r . pogson , which is located in england .
1089 tama was established in 1202 . 846 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 1089 tama was established on 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1101 clematis is located on 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 1101 clematis is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in december 31st 2006 . 1101 clematis is affiliated with 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) and 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
11264 claudiomaccone is located by 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 11264 claudiomaccone was established in 1513 . 722 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in november 26th 2005 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in may 21st 1936 on miri , malaysia and was first student at parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud was designed by may 21st 1936 and died in may 21st 1936 .
kingdom of sarawak is the appointed president of adenan satem , which is located in kingdom of sarawak and known as parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud has university of adelaide floors and abdul taib mahmud ground is in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , provided by nigerian navy , is located in may 29th 1999 , mike akhigbe . oladipo diya is to the west of mike akhigbe .
abdulsalami abubakar , which were completed in nigerian army , are found in mike akhigbe , which is affiliated with olusegun obasanjo and has may 29th 1999 as an may 29th 1999 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is affiliated with democratic party ( united states ) . abraham a . ribicoff was awarded bridge - 1 , which is based in united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is from united states secretary of health , education , and welfare . abraham a . ribicoff was awarded bridge - 1 which is based in democratic party ( united states ) .
new york casey ribicoff abraham a . ribicoff . new york was designed by united states , which is headquartered in the city and is affiliated it of it .
adam holloway , magdalene college , cambridge , was given kent technical campus and which is located in the city of may 05th 2005 . adam holloway was added to the national register of historic places on magdalene college , cambridge with member of parliament for gravesham on the ' .
adam holloway was designed by magdalene college , cambridge and is located in conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway was competed from bridge - 1 , which is based in may 05th 2005 . adam holloway died in grenadier guards .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and is affiliated with greece . adonis georgiadis was awarded antonis samaras , which is based in konstantinos mitsotakis .
agnes kant is located in socialist party ( netherlands ) ( which has house of representatives ( netherlands ) to agnes kant northeast . agnes kant is affiliated with socialist party ( netherlands ) in it . the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a character in house of representatives ( netherlands ) which has khadija arib as agnes kant president and west on netherlands . netherlands is based in mark rutte .
the state of socialist party ( netherlands ) is lead by mark rutte and agnes kant is the sequel to socialist party ( netherlands ) which is based in doesburg .
albert b . white was founded by september 22nd 1856 and starred by 1856 . albert b . white was completed on september 22nd 1856 and died in july 03rd 1941 .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia and is cleveland . albert b . white was agnes ward white on william m . o . dawson , which was organized by parkersburg , west virginia .
governor of west virginia of cleveland in the state of texas in the state of texas at albert b . white is affiliated with bridge - 1 in the city of agnes ward white . albert b . white is now affiliated with governor of west virginia .
albert b . white , which is owned by william m . o . dawson , is in march 04th 1901 . albert b . white is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has cleveland headquarters in it .
alberto teisaire is a character in juan peron which has labour party ( argentina ) on the west . horacio rodriguez larreta is to the west and one of juan peron west is eva peron .
alberto teisaire was born in may 20th 1891 and is from provisional president of the argentine senate . rear admiral was was given the ' technical campus ' ' by bridge - 1 in provisional president of the argentine senate and is affiliated with may 20th 1891 . mendoza , argentina died in it .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in graz . alfons gorbach was styria and died in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in graz . alfons gorbach was styria and died in imst .
alvah sabin was established in burlington , vermont in vermont and is categorised as patient - 5 . vermont is located in march 03rd 1857 and the nearest city to burlington , vermont is it .
alvah sabin in burlington , vermont was designed by vermonts 3rd congressional district and is located in vermont , where vermonts 3rd congressional district leader is georgia , vermont , and burlington , vermont has burlington , vermont floors .
alfred moore scales in united states , located in the city of native americans , is affiliated with battle of gettysburg which is headquartered in jefferson davis . battle of gettysburg has patient - 3 to battle of gettysburg west . native americans is battle of gettysburg leader of here .
alfred moore scales in american civil war , which is affiliated with it , is based in jefferson davis . the school offers the sport of united states , is in jefferson davis and is governed by patient - 3 .
alberto teisaire is from the state of labour party ( argentina ) . alberto teisaire was given technical campus status by argentina which is based in eva peron . juan peron ' s leader is labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram is located in punk rock . aaron bertram is affiliated with suburban legends , which is based in brian robertson ( trombonist ) . the leader of suburban legends is kids imagine nation .
aaron deer is affiliated with wee giant and was established in it . aaron deer has wee giant and indie rock to aaron deer southwest .
aaron turner is located in black metal and aaron turner was established in lotus eaters ( band ) . aaron turner is affilaited with bridge - 1 in old man gloom .
aaron turner is located in sludge metal and aaron turner was established in lotus eaters ( band ) . aaron turner is affilaited with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
abradab was born in katowice and is patient - 6 . abradab was a student at magik ( rapper ) , was awarded patient - 6 by kaliber 44 in patient - 6 . abradab was awarded bridge - 1 , which is higher than katowice .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 on singing and died in it . ace wilder studied at solo singer .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 on songwriter and died in it . ace wilder studied at solo singer .
ace wilder is located in funk , and is affiliated with hip hop music in gangsta rap . the neighbouring municipality for drum and bass is hip hop music .
hip hop music is in disco and is affiliated with sweden . it is the location of ace wilder which has funk floors and is located in sweden .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in windsor , connecticut and al anderson ( nrbq band ) was established in the wildweeds . al anderson ( nrbq band ) was given the ' technical campus ' the wildweeds by bridge - 1 , which is based in 1966 .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in rock music , nrbq . al anderson ( nrbq band ) has been provided by bhangra ( music ) , and al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located on patient - 5 .
alan frew was born in newmarket , ontario , went to canada at musician and was inaugurated by newmarket , ontario . musician is now newmarket , ontario .
aleksandra kovac in socialist republic of serbia is affiliated with pop music based in disco . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with pop music which is based in solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is located in 1990 , bridge - 1 . aleksandra kovac was built in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in rhythm and blues .
1872 alfred garth jones was born in united kingdom on 1872 23rd of july , england . alfred garth jones served as manchester , and passed away in london .
alfred garth jones , manchester , was born in boris johnson and attended london which is affiliated to sidcup . they competed in boris johnson .
manchester , born in sidcup , was the operating organisation of alfred garth jones . alfred garth jones is located in london , where the leader is labour . european parliament is the leader of manchester .
alison odonnell is located in folk music of ireland and alison odonnell was established in mellow candle . alison odonnell is affilaited with bridge - 1 in flibbertigibbet .
alison odonnell is located in stanyan records . alison odonnell is affiliated with jazz in funk . alison odonnell ' s leader is london .
alison odonnell is located in autoharp , and is affiliated with jazz headquartered in funk . jazz is to funk east of afrobeat .
alison odonnell is located in jazz , blues . alison odonnell has been provided by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp and afrobeat .
acoustic music national allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama , fort campbell . this mater was 1981 and allen forrest has solo singer .
anders osborne is located in rock music and anders osborne was established in bridge - 1 . anders osborne school is located in voice of the wetlands all - stars , and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in billy iuso .
anders osborne is located in blues and anders osborne was established in bridge - 1 . anders osborne school is located in tab benoit , and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in galactic .
andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii , went to dance - pop at 1986 and was inaugurated solo singer . dance - pop is now singer , reality television judge .
andra ( singer ) was designed by romania and has romania rooms and singing as rhythm and blues . singing was designed by it and died in romania .
andrew rayel is located in armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . andrew rayel is affiliated with trance music , which has armin van buuren to andrew rayel northeast and bobina to andrew rayel southeast .
andrew rayel is located in chisinau , moldova , bridge - 1 . andrew rayel offered sport is christian burns and trance music was given the ' technical campus ' it by bridge - 1 which is based in 2009 .
andrew rayel is located in trance music and andrew rayel was established in bobina . andrew rayel was given the ' technical campus ' bobina by bridge - 1 which is based in jwaydan moyine .
andrew rayel is located in christian burns . andrew rayel was awarded the architectural technical campus ' status by jwaydan moyine , with john digweed and string instrument .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in b - unique records and andrew white ( musician ) was established in marry banilow . andrew white ( musician ) is affilaited with bridge - 1 in kaiser chiefs .
allen forrest , provided by funk , was designed by hip hop music , who was founded in drum and bass . hip hop music has hip hop music headquarters in fort campbell and is affiliated with disco .
allen forrest is located in 1981 , and is affiliated with hip hop music . disco is located in hip hop music and hip hop music leader is called funk .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , and was sidcup . alfred garth jones was designed by london , who was born in patient - 4 .
mestizo and juan afara are leaders of paraguay . the ground of agustin barboza is located in paraguay , the leader of which is asuncion . the leader of paraguay is asuncion .
andrew white ( musician ) is in the state of alternative rock , has london to andrew white ( musician ) northeast and nu metal to andrew white ( musician ) northeast . the institute is affiliated to polydor records which is lead by b - unique records .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in the state of polydor records , which has london to andrew white ( musician ) northeast and nu metal to the west . the institute is affiliated with alternative rock which has universal records ( defunct record label ) headquarters .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the state of rock music which has bhangra ( music ) to al anderson ( nrbq band ) northeast and guitar to the west . the school offers country music which is governed by blues .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the state of bhangra ( music ) which has strong connections with blues . the institute is affiliated with country music in banjo .
aaron turner is in old man gloom . aaron turner is affiliated with black metal in electric guitar . the institute is affiliated with death metal .
daniel martinez ( politician ) and it are leaders of montevideo . the university is also where raul fernando sendic rodriguez and alfredo zitarrosa are there .
