abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
asphalt is an attack aircraft of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of andrews county airport .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is the city .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region .
the inhabitants of denmark are known as danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
port authority of new york and new jersey is based in new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
al asad airbase was involved in battles at libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for al asad airbase is boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and the length of the runway is 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres metres above sea level .
found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport has a runway that is 3500 long .
agra airport is an art museum in uttar pradesh , and is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is found in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the usaf , which fought in grenada , operates al asad airbase .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which is of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , where allama iqbal international airport is located .
allama iqbal international airport is found in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level , 3800 feet first runway is 3800 feet long .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol ( elevation - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level ) is made from asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3 , 300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas which is headed by houston .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 and it serves the city of luanda .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the first runway of ashgabat international airport has a length of 12467 feet and an elevation of 211m metres above sea level .
turkmenistan airlines is the operating organisation of ashgabat international airport with their headquarters in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is found in egg harbor township , united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport , where the runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and the length of the runway is 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located at brasilia and is the operating organisation of afonso pena international airport .
operated by the aarhus lufthavn a / s organisation , aarhus airport has a runway that is 2776 . 0 metres long . aarhus airport also has a runway with 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , is 2003 . 0 meters above sea level and serves the city of saranac lake .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of madrid , spain .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in uttar pradesh is viag . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . an aircraft there is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . usaf aircraft carriers fought in libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers were involved in grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway of alderney airport , which serves the city of alderney , is made of poaceae and is 877 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan civil aviation authority which is part of pakistan . the hub airport for the airport is jinnah international airport .
punjab , pakistan is where allama iqbal international airport is located , it has a runway named 18l / 36r , as well as a runway that is 2900 . 0 long .
at an elevation of 210m above seal level , alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in united states .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin and the leader is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , which is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city international airport runway length is 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of madrid . the leader party at madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in madrid ( spain ) where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes ( spain ) where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is at an elevation of 546m from sea level . 2194 . 0 has a runway length of 2194 . 0 metres and abilene , texas has the runway name , 17l / 35r .
lake placid , and the city of saranac lake , ( both in new york ) are served by adirondack regional airport . adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 2003 . 0 metres .
operated by enaire , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas has 18l / 36r and a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is in india and is operated by the indian air force . agra airport has two type of identifiers , agra airport ata location identifier is iata and it icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . usaf aircraft carriers has a runway with 3990 . 0 , and a runway with the name , 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by it and is located at al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it and fought in mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . usaf aircraft carriers deploy grenada on al asad airbase aircraft carriers and also use ac - 130 fighter aircraft .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport runway is 2900 . 0 in length .
09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan are the names for the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol which has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . this airport serves amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan are the names for the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol which has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . this airport serves amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport is found in texas , andrews it and serves alpena . the airport is situated 973 metres metres above andrews , texas and has a 929 . 0 km long runway .
andrews county airport is located in united states , wpart part people are known as tejano and patient - 3 capital city is austin .
texas is located in united states and has it capital city of english . austin is spoken and here is part location of andrews county airport .
angola international airport is in icolo e bengo which is in luanda province . the airport serves the city of luanda and is located in angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region and operated by flemish government . the airport is 12 metres metres above sea level and the runway length is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines and is in turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport which is in ashgabat .
athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level , has a runway length of it , serves the city of spata and is located in athens .
atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city , new jersey of united states and is found in egg harbor township where don guardian is atlantic city , new jersey leader .
united states is a leader in south jersey transportation authority where atlantic city international airport is located in it which is lead by stephen dilts .
the leader of belgium is charles michel of belgium . antwerp international airport located there serves antwerp . german is spoken there .
the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium . antwerp international airport located there serves antwerp . french is spoken there .
adirondack regional airport serves essex county , new york of saranac lake , which is united states of harrietstown , new york in essex county , new york , in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . kurdish are an ethnic group of iraq .
fallujah is in iraq and is served by al - taqaddum air base . the country is lead by haider al - abadi and the spoken language is kurdish .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is punjab , pakistan of it where allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves punjab , pakistan of lahore .
poaceae , which is the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport , belongs to commelinids of flowering plants and is of commelinids it and monocotyledon .
the location of aarhus airort is tirstrup , which is in denmark . tirstrup is denmark of margrethe ii . the country is led by the central region and the language of the country is faroese .
operated by enaire , and located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level . the airport has 14l / 32r and the runway length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has 1818 in length .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a 3990 . 0 meters long airway called 08 / 26 .
operated by al asad airbase , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s runway name is 08 / 26 . al anbar province , iraq icao location identifier is oraa and 3992 . 88 is the length of the runway .
al asad airbase is operated by it who were involved in libya in 1986 . usaf aircraft carriers deploy ac - 130 on al asad airbase aircraft carriers , use the boeing c - 17 globemaster as transport aircraft , and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers bombed operation enduring freedom and fought in grenada . ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are two aircrafts on that base .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . alderney airport has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and is named 08 / 26 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18l / 36r which is 3310 . 0 in length .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18r / 36l which is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in united states , united states . patient - 4 airport serves maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is situated 210m meters above sea level .
7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . 7 / 25 also has runway length of 1533 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in there .
1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above wilson township , alpena county , michigan . 1 / 19 also has runway length of 2744 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in wilson township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is found in united states and serves the city of 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport runway is 210m m long and is alpena , michigan m above 1 , 533 .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is located at 159m meters above sea level in icolo e bengo . the runway , known as ' ' 05l / 23r ' ' is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
atlantic city international airport is located in atlantic city , new jersey , new jersey which is united states of it of new jersey which located in the united states . here airport serves it of egg harbor township which also located in it of n . j . , and part leader ' s name of this city is ' ' don guardian ' ' .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . two of the leaders of which are , philippe and brussels . the demonym of the inhabitants of belgium is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township in united states united states . patient - 3 airport ' s runway name is called ' ' kacy ' ' .
adirondack regional airport serves new york the city of saranac lake and lake placid in the city united states . aranac harrietstown , new york , united states is the city of harrietstown , new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and also saranac lake ( united states of harrietstown , new york ) , essex county , new york .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , which is part of hal light combat helicopter and part of bundelkhand . agra airport is operated by the indian air force whose transport aircraft is awadh .
hal light combat helicopter is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , a popular tourist destination in iraq . two of the leaders of which are haider al - abadi of iraq and fuad masum . iraq ' s language is arabic .
