1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .


aida cruises is based in rostock .
aida cruises operate aidaluna .

aidastella was completed in march 11st 2013 .

aida cruises operate aidastella .

american motors matador is also known as amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .










alhambra is wrecked .






gabriela michetti leads argentina .







audi was founded by august horch .


caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois
costa crociere is in genoa .


germans live in germany .
norbert lammert leads germany .
stanislaw tillich leads germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
guiana space centre is at kourou , french guiana .

the star - spangled banner is the united states anthem .
native americans live in united states .


aida cruises operate aidastella . aida cruises is in germany .
aida cruises operate aidaluna . aida cruises is in rostock .





amc matador was designed by richard a . teague .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) in argentina .



alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry .




ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from argentina , led by gabriela michetti .

airbus group owns airbus defence and space .






audi belongs to audi e - tron .


douglas r . oberhelman was a key person at caterpillar inc . .

juha sipila leads finland .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat .
rolls - royce holdings owns mtu friedrichshafen .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .


aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in germany .



american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
americans live in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here .
washington dc is the capital of united states . here is an ethnic group of native americans .




rome is the capital of italy .
rome is the capital of italy .



alhambra is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .






native americans are an ethnic group in united states it is led by leader .



caterpillar inc . was founded in california it is in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises owns aidaluna . caterpillar inc . is in illinois .
aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere . costa crociere is located in genoa .

guiana space centre are in french guiana .
kourou , french guiana is in guiana space centre .
neptun werft is located in rostock .
americans live in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here .


aida cruises is located in rostock . aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises operate aidastella .


american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york


american motors matador is also known as amc matador .
vam classic is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car .
acura tlx class is mid - size car .
acura tlx class is luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .
finns live in finland juha sipila is the leader of it .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .


alhambra is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .




london is united kingdom .



audi a1 class is supermini .
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is in illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . costa crociere is located in genoa .




general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut . general dynamics owns general dynamics electric boat .
germany , which is home to rostock , is led by stanislaw tillich . neptun werft is located in rostock .
washington dc is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here . here is written in english .
washington dc is the capital of united states . americans are from here . african americans are an ethnic group in it .
aida cruises is located in germany . aida cruises operated aidastella . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere . it is owned by costa crociere .
aida cruises operate aidastella .


washington dc is the capital of united states . the star - spangled banner is the anthem of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit the united states .
american motors matador is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car .
p & o ( company ) is in london . p & o ( company ) owns alhambra .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .





guiana space centre is headquartered in french guiana . arianespace is located in courcouronnes . ela - 3 is operated by arianespace .


elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
audi a1 class is supermini .
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california . it was founded in united states aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .
costa crociere is located in genoa . costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere .
finns are from finland . juha sipila is the leader of it . sami languages is spoken in finland .
rostock is in germany . berlin is the capital of germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . joachim gauck is the leader of it .
rostock is in germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . berlin is the capital of germany . andreas vosskuhle is the leader of it .
washington dc is the capital of united states . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit it . english is the language of the united states .
