abilene regional airport serves abilene
madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is the location of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base served fallujah .
al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .

amsterdam airport schiphol has 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
appleton international airport is the city .
new zealand ' s runway length is 518 . 0 .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
belgium ' s language is dutch .
curitiba is in the south region .
denmark demonym is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is in grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in united states .
pakistan is led by sardar ayaz sadiq .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
al asad airbase was involved in libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in al asad airbase .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .

azerbaijan is led by artur rasizade .
azerbaijan ' s leader is prime minister .
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial .
11 diagonal street is in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has a total floor area .
300 north lasalle is based in chicago .
george winckler designed 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building opened in 1910 .

adare manor was designed by james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .

asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is in erie county , new york .
byron brown leads buffalo , new york .
munster is situated in county limerick .
criona ni dhalaigh leads dublin .
malatu teshome leads ethiopia .
indians are the inhabitants of india .
julia morgan is the architect behind los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is based in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is in new york .
new york city is in new netherland .
pacific grove , california is in california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 the ram rebellion is in print .
aids ( journal ) is in united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is hardcover .
a long long way is in english .
diane duane authored a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number : 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica issn number : 0567 - 7920 .
93645978 is the lccn number of journal .
journal discipline is addiction .
aenir is in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in english .
american journal of mathematics is devoted to the study of math .
castle is in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers owns farrar , straus , and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is in united states .
the secret scripture publisher of faber and faber .
asian americans live in united states .
united states is in english .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
afc blackpool is the mechanics .
afc blackpool is blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 have 5300 members .
aek athens fc play in athens .
aek athens fc play in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is in baku .
azal pfk is in azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is from united states .
akron , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
akron metro futbol club summit assault is abbreviated to akron summit assault .
amsterdam is led by eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is chelsea fc .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from umbria .
italy is led by sergio mattarella .
jens hartel is fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti was at udinese calcio .
massimo drago is a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini is atalanta bc .
michele marcolini is vicenza calcio .
peter stoger club is 1 . fc koln
rolando maran is fc bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is from united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology .


bucharest is romania .
the dean of school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen .
16 , 000 students students attend school of business and social sciences .
alan bean is united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit .
buzz aldrin was on the crew of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin joined nasa in 1963 .

elliot see died on february 28th 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
kevin eastman created april o ' neil .

ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo .
bibbo ' s full name is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black ' s alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won eisner award .
karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has area codes 229 .
albany , oregon in united states .
mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico ' s house of representatives is the leader in albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico is the leader in albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo occupies 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
randall county is the location of amarillo , texas .
anderson , indiana in richland township .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has area codes 925 .
antioch , california in contra costa county .
arlington has 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
kasim reed leads atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey in new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama in lee county , alabama .
auburn occupies 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin in texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county in georgia .
fulton county is in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas .
barack obama leads united states .
united states capitol is in united states house of representatives .
amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper .
arros negre uses white rice .
arros negre comes from catalonia .
arros negre comes from valencian community .
ayam penyet hails from singapore .
blt sandwich uses tomato .
baked alaska is from hong kong .

bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
bandeja paisa comes from paisa region .

batagor is shumai .
batagor is a dish of fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batchoy contains shrimp .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji is also known as bhajji .
binignit includes taro .
cottage cheese is bionico .
bionico comes from jalisco .
chicken class is bird .
india ' s currency is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan leads india .
language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is a leader in jalisco .
banyumasan people people are from java .
malaysian malay people are from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai comes from china .
siomay uses peanut sauce .
ethnic groups are a group in sumatra .
united kingdom is led by david cameron .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .




abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .

abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend
adenan satem attended university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .


agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .

airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .





alberto teisaire is argentina .

alfons gorbach died in austria .

alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .






robert e . lee was the american civil war commander .
austria has austrian german .
battle of antietam was commanded by robert e . lee .

gabriela michetti leads buenos aires .
colin powell was the gulf war commander .

josef klaus attended university of vienna .


netherlands is led by mark rutte .
united states army battled in spanish - - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .


aida cruises is based in rostock .
aida cruises operate aidaluna .

aidastella was completed in march 11st 2013 .

aida cruises operate aidastella .

american motors matador is also known as amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .










alhambra is wrecked .






gabriela michetti leads argentina .







audi was founded by august horch .


caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois
costa crociere is in genoa .


germans live in germany .
norbert lammert leads germany .
stanislaw tillich leads germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
guiana space centre is at kourou , french guiana .

the star - spangled banner is the united states anthem .
native americans live in united states .
silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez is uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez is uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher played for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad is iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .

akeem priestley is connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club is in qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawraa sc .

alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra owns sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) owns hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) is scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is a member of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli is georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli is a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is affiliated with a . s . roma
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus compete in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is in atlanta .

budapest in hungary .
canada is in english .
canada has slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
gabor kubatov is chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finland has finnish language .


motherwell f . c . play at fir park .
jean - michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams is in st . louis .
tennessee titans is in nashville , tennessee .



aaron turner is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is progressive metal .

abradab was born november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza is guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is rock music .


aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .

alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .


alison odonnell is jazz .

allen forrest was born february 04th 1981 .
allen forrest is pop music .
alligator records is in chicago .

anders osborne is rhythm and blues .

andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .


andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .


asuncion in gran asuncion .




manchester in greater manchester .
polydor records is based in london .



british people live in united kingdom .







1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .









1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .










james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
