11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . the legislature is in azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the legislature .
united states is home to akron , ohio and african americans .
salem is the capital of oregon . albany , oregon in oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states united states house of representatives is the leader of it .
amarillo in united states it is part of texas .
anaheim , california is part of california it is led by united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is in orange county , california . california in united states .
adams township , madison county , indiana in united states anderson , indiana is part of it .
antioch , california occupies 75 . 324 square km . antioch , california is 13 . 0 above sea level .
arlington occupies 258 . 2 sqk . arlington is 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington is in texas . texas in united states .
atlanta is in united states it is in georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey in united states it is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey it is in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
pierce county , washington is in united states auburn is part of it .
united states capital is washington dc . albany , oregon is in here .
washington dc , united states is where amarillo originates .
united states is home to albuquerque , new mexico and african americans .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states albany , georgia is in it .
united states is home to auburn , alabama and native americans .
akron , ohio is from united states , where english is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states , whose leader is leader .
italy amatriciana sauce is made with tomato .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where arem - arem comes from .
italian speaking italy boasts arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce originated in italy ( led by sergio mattarella ) .
italy arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper .
valencian community arros negre is found in spain .
asam pedas from indonesia is made with fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches .
bacon explosion is made of sausage and bacon .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains bacon .
bacon sandwiches , containing bread , is a variation of blt sandwich .
france baked alaska contains sponge cake .
baked alaska comes from france , whose leader is manuel valls .
united states baked alaska includes meringue .
fruit is an ingredient of bakewell tart and bakewell pudding is a variation .
indonesia bakso contains vermicelli .
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is part of the apiaceae family .
colombian cuisine bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
barny cakes comes from france , whose leader is claude bartolone .
indonesia batagor includes peanut sauce .
batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of siomay .
singapore beef kway teow includes palm sugar .
beef kway teow comes from singapore , whose leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow from singapore and indonesia is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is from india , where indians live .
bhajji comes from india , whose leader is t s thakur .
philippines is home to binignit and igorot people .
binignit from philippines is made with banana .
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato .
bionico comes from mexico , whose leader is enrique pena nieto .
guadalajara ' s regional bionico includes granola .
cake is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is bionico .
bakso comes from indonesia , whose leader is joko widodo .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation .
aarhus airport , run by aarhus lufthavn a / s a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres metres above sea level .
3 , 500 is the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase fought battles in grenada and operates al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport has poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
alderney airport has a runway length of 877 . 0 , it is made of asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
2900 . 0 is the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , punjab , pakistan .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 meters . amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 meters above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 2014 . 0 in length .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 3 , 300 in length .
houston is the largest city in texas , where andrews county airport is located .
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800 . 0 in length .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211m metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , based in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states .
4 / 22 is the name of a runway at atlantic city international airport , operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in regionalliga in 2014 .
a . c . chievo verona in verona , italy has 39371 members .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . rolando maran was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez , manager of a . d . isidro metapan , plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and attends irlam town football club .
afc fylde in lancashire has 3180 members .
a . s . gubbio 1910 in gubbio has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio play at livorno in serie .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who worked at a . s . roma .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina ) has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . in greece has 69618 members .
aek athens fc play at the olympic stadium in superleague of greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as tenant .
azal pfk is in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan . their ' s ground is azal arena .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is gubbio . gubbio is from the umbria region .
pietro grasso heads italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 is based in italy .
luciano spalletti was at empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 the ram rebellion is e book written by virginia demarce .
aip adv . is the abbreviation for aip advances , 2158 is the eissn number .
j . v . jones wrote a fortress of grey ice which is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice with the isbn 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 has 672 .
a glastonbury romance written by john cowper powys is followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way , with oclc number 57392246 , is currently in print & paperback .
a long long way with the isbn 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 has 292 .
a long long way was published by viking press , a subsidiary of penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer , by qiu xiaolong , is available in print .
' a severed wasp ' has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and oclc number 8805735 .
' a severed wasp ' is published in hardcover and the oclc number 8805735 .
' a severed wasp ' is written in english , a language spoken in great britain .
the print , home to the severed wasp , has 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science + business media founded by julius springer publishes abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature . its ' s isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and oclc number 78771100 .
' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' was followed by ` alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' which was authored by brandon sanderson .
american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is about math .
american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , a subsidiary of johns hopkins university .
1634 the ram rebellion is from united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice comes from united states where the capital is washington dc
a fortress of grey ice comes from united states where there are many african americans .
united states has an ethnic group called african americans and is the home of a wizard of mars .
united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the home of a wizard of mars .
1 decembrie 1918 university is known as uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute is in bangalore .
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by technical education .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is in kerala state .
peter laird is united states of april o ' neil .
bbc broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling .
stv broadcast bananaman starring graeme garden .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
steven t seagle created baymax .
ben urich ( benjamin urich ) was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
marv wolfman created bibbo aka bibbowski .
alan bean was born march 15th 1932 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . alan shepard was a crew member .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th 1930 .
glen ridge is in essex county . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was on the crew of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 him is retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square are 45 floors at united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and 62145 . 3 square metres of floor area .
300 north lasalle are 300 floors floors at chicago .
george winckler designed 320 south boston building . construction is in united states .
hok sve designed 3arena , east link bridge .
populous designed 3arena , dublin .
marriott international rents ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
adare manor is in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka is tudor revival .
adisham hall in sri lanka is tudor revival .
japan is home to akita musuem of art and many brazilians .
akita museum of art has three floors . akita museum of art is located on entity - entity - 2 .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . ampara hospital is in sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor in county limerick is part of munster .
3arena is in dublin , republic of ireland .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart . aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart . aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg .

abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and went on to attend technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .



abner w . sibal was involved in world war ii . world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin .
united states army was involved in korean war .
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge and was also born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend it was born in kent .
adam koc was involved in world war i . adam koc won virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was involved in battle of france .
battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was involved in world war ii . franklin d . roosevelt was the commander of world war ii .
world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .

alfons gorbach was born in austria . its ' s birthplace is austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . its ' s birthplace is austria .

daniel gould fowle graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
united states army was involved in american civil war .
world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin . allan shivers has fought in world war ii .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .

alvah sabin was born on october 23rd 1793 .
agnes kant is located in netherlands , whose currency is euro .
agnes kant is from netherlands , led by mark rutte .
parkersburg , west virginia in united states albert b . white died in it .
aaron boogaard played for wichita thunder it was born in saskatchewan .
penarol played for jorge orosman da silva and manages abel hernandez .
abel hernandez plays for penarol it is in u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher played for netherlands national under - 17 football team it plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher played for netherlands national under - 17 football team it plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc it plays for steel azin f . c .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and attends thomas doll .
akeem adams played for trinidad and tobago national football team it plays for t & tec sports club .


akeem dent was born on september 27th 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc it is in connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for rops it plays for sheikh russel kc
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club it is based in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc manages alaa abdul - zahra and attends amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c . it plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . it is based in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers it was born september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born in tampere , finland .
fc torpedo moscow was at valery petrakov and manages aleksandr chumakov .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar it plays for fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk it is in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus owns pallacanestro cantu it was born on january 08th 1988 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . it is in turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . its ' s leader is conservative party of canada .
o canada is the anthem of canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . canada is in english .
fc dinamo batumi was at levan khomeriki and manages aleksandre guruli .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow it is based in otkrytiye arena .
rops play in veikkausliiga akeem priestley is in it .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . it is based in palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is psychedelia .

aaron turner is electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is avant - garde metal .

abradab was born in katowice on november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland .
ace wilder is hip hop music .

agustin barboza was born in paraguay .
alan frew is rock music .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones is jazz .
aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .
alfred garth jones was born in england .
alfredo zitarrosa is milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa is taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo but died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is zamba ( artform ) .

alison odonnell is folk rock .
alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest is hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .

anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is pop music .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .



andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is country music .
polydor records is based in london .








walter baade was born in german empire .
walter baade is germany .

james craig watson is from canada .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .






10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga .




aida cruises operate aidastella . aida cruises is in germany .
aida cruises operate aidaluna . aida cruises is in rostock .





amc matador was designed by richard a . teague .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) in argentina .



alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry .




ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from argentina , led by gabriela michetti .

airbus group owns airbus defence and space .






audi belongs to audi e - tron .


douglas r . oberhelman was a key person at caterpillar inc . .

juha sipila leads finland .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat .
rolls - royce holdings owns mtu friedrichshafen .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
