1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english . was preceded by grantville gazette ii , and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . grantville gazette ii was preceded by the grantville gazette . (id1)
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is in ithaca , new york (id2)
english is spoken in great britain a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press . where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id3)
english language in great britain . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press . in the united states , where english is the language used and native americans are an ethnic group . (id4)
english language in great britain . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id5)
. english is spoken in the united states and great britain . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id6)
the novel into battle is published by australians . above the veil is followed by into battle and the violet keystone . was preceded by the novel castle . above the veil is the sequel to aenir (id7)
the leader of the united states is barack obama . a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states . (id8)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . a severed wasp is from the united states . (id9)
the leader of the united states was barack obama . the capital of the us is is washington d . c . 1634 in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group asian americans and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . (id10)
. barack obama is leader of the united states and where the population are known as americans . the capital of the united states washington d . c . 1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id11)
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . a wizard of mars originates from the united states . (id12)
albany is part of the state of georgia . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . fulton county , georgia the largest city atlanta alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . (id14)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the (id15)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas . (id16)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas potter county is in texas , in the united states . austin is the capital of texas . (id17)
anderson , indiana , is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres . (id18)
antioch is part of contra costa county , california antioch is part of california . english is spoken in california . contra costa county in california is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch , california is led by the californias 11th state assembly district (id19)
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres . (id20)
attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . the population density of attica indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id21)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c . (id22)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is in united states auburn is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) (id23)
austin is part of texas where the spoken language is english . austin is part of williamson county , texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas . (id24)
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . english is spoken in texas . (id25)
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . spanish is spoken in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . (id26)
indiana and the capital is indianapolis alexandria is part of indiana . indiana is the united states . the language in indiana is american english . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . (id27)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id28)
tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas austin is the capital of texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states . (id29)
washington dc is the capital of the united states , white americans are an ethnic group . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id30)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of linn county , oregon . (id31)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans , the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one ethnic group . albany is part of oregon . albany , oregon , united states . (id32)
where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in the united states . (id33)
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . (id34)
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama , united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama (id35)
the native americans are an ethnic group . the largest city in new jersey is newark . new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states . (id36)
english is the language of the united states . albuquerque is part of new mexico . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id37)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id38)
united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington d . c . , the native americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id39)
united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . albany , georgia is in the united states . albany is part of united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id40)
11th mississippi infantry monument united states the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property . it is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania (id41)
cumberland county is to the north and carrol county is to the northwest . and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id42)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . (id43)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly . (id44)
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the the ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul (id45)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala . it has an academic staff of 250 . . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor . (id46)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id47)
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id48)
european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . (id49)
established in 2001 in mumbai , india , awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 employees . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor . (id50)
india ' s largest city is mumbai awh engineering college is located in india . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india . (id51)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id52)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is located to its northeast mols . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . aarhus magistrate (id53)
and the american , duncan rouleau . the film , big hero 6 , starred alan tudyk . and steven t . seagle . baymax featured in the film big hero 6 . (id54)
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini . a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio (id55)
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool council is the labour party ( uk ) . (id56)
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the italian language is spoken . the champions of serie d are s . s . robur siena . (id57)
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) in marousi . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c . (id58)
italy where pietro grasso is the leader of the italians . rome is the capital of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the italian language is spoken . (id59)
italian is the official language of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 which is located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella in the capital city of rome (id60)
arem - arem leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla , but is more specific to java . indonesia , where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the (id61)
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . (id62)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . (id63)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra . (id64)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id65)
bacon explosion comes from the united states bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id66)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . . english is the language spoken in the united states and the capital city is washington dc . (id67)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id68)
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls where french is the spoken language and gerard larcher is the leader . baked alaska comes from hong kong (id69)
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department in colombia . one of the rosids lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is found in antioquia department (id70)
barny cakes is from france where the leader is gerard larcher where french is spoken and francois hollande is the leader . barny cakes are made with sponge cake . (id71)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . variations of siomay , which includes peanut sauce , are : batagor and shumai . (id72)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . shumai and batagor are variations of the siomay dish . (id73)
batagor leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla . shumai contains shiitake ) , shumai , and siomay (id74)
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id75)
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region (id76)
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji is from the karnataka region . (id77)
bionico is a food found in mexico a dessert called the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico . (id78)
bionico from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . is a dessert containing honey (id79)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region . is a dessert containing honey (id80)
is the leader of catalonia . carles puigdmont , in spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and the spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre comes from catalonia (id81)
rome is the capital of italy whose leader is matteo renzi . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy . (id82)
italians inhabit italy , where the capital is rome . it amatriciana sauce sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . (id83)
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy , whose leader is matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce (id84)
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . fried chicken ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in malaysia , singapore and java (id85)
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . singapore is english language ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java . (id86)
in the philippines they speak arabic and philippine spanish and eat batchoy . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and the chinese filipino people . (id87)
the language spoken is spanish . spain ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country . (id88)
where felipe vi is leader . ajoblanco is found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spaniards are from spain . (id89)
american alan bean was a test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired (id90)
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal . (id91)
the apollo 8 commander was frank borman . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 american william anders was born in british hong kong 8 operated by nasa . (id92)
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin on 20 january 1930 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 american buzz buzz aldrin as a fighter pilot on nasa ' s program . (id94)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 , performed as a fighter pilot and buzz graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 buzz aldrin is now retired . (id95)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission . (id96)
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission . (id97)
gemstone is benitoite . alan shepard was a member of apollo 14 . shepard died in california . nasa ' s dianne feinstein is a senator in california . apollo 14 (id98)
american which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard alan shepard died in california who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal . (id99)
william anders . his nationality is united states . he retired on september 1 , 1969 . british hong kong born william anders was a fighter pilot on apollo 8 . (id100)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is part of the central denmark region in margrethe ii led denmark . the faroese language is spoken in denmark . (id101)
in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , . the runway length is 4 , 100 and san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by enaire . the runway name of adolfo 14l / 32r (id102)
agra airport is located in india . the runway has a length of 1818 . 0 and the indian air force operate agra airport is 167 . 94 the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . (id103)
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 . (id104)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 . (id105)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 . (id106)
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase and previously fought in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts . the usaf . the transport plane the lockheed ac - operation enduring freedom . (id107)
the alderney airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . alderney airport serves the city of alderney , is 88 metres above sea level . its airport runway is named 08 / 26 (id108)
in allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , has a length of 3310 . 0 . is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18l / 36r . (id109)
located in punjab , in pakistan , allama iqbal international airport has a runway length 2900 . 0 allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l (id110)
aplena county regional airport lies 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . alpena county regional airport serves alpena , michigan . (id111)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . its runway name is 7 / 25 . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level . the runway name is 1 / 19 and it (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , usa . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id114)
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo . is 159 05l / 23r is the runway name at angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . (id115)
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece . greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece . (id117)
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township which is part of new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian . (id118)
belgium philippe is the leader antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp the leader of belgium is charles michel . antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium . (id119)
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy . atlantic city international airport , egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id120)
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . (id121)
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstow , essex county . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . (id122)
indian air force the hal light combat helicopter agra airport is in uttar pradesh , awadh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . (id123)
indian air force the hal light combat helicopter agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik and the airport is operated by the indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . (id124)
. haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq al - taqaddum air base serves the city of falluja located in iraq where fuad masum is leader and they speak arabic (id125)
200 public square is located in cleveland and was completed in 1985 . cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . (id126)
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , new york , and it has the postmodern style of architecture . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . (id127)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel . chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of springfield , illinois chicago is part of illinois . (id128)
hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where faroese language margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott international , founded in washington , d . c . , is the tenant of the ac (id129)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . bill marriott is a key person greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark . (id130)
marriott international which was founded in washington dc . hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . marriott international is the tenant of ac greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark . (id131)
adare manor , republic of ireland augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny . (id132)
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall began construction in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 metres . (id133)
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has three floors . the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori (id134)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the country ' s leader is taro aso , and there is an ethnic group of chinese people in japan . (id135)
alan b miller hall is located in virginia was designed by robert a . m . stern is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business located in the united states . (id136)
, ahmedabad . ahmedabad is in india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in india is sumitra mahajan . (id137)
sri lanka is lead by ranil wickremesinghe and has the ampara hospital in an ampara district in the eastern province the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka is austin fernando . (id138)
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern provincial council is the governing body . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte . (id139)
asilomar conference grounds julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the california landmark los angeles herald examiner building and the julia morgan hearst castle asilomar state beach . (id140)
born in san francisco , julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum hearst castle asilomar state beach . (id141)
asser levy public baths located in new york city , manhattan , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of new netherland (id142)
birmingham , which has the b postcode john clancy is the leader of birmingham where john madin , the designer of 103 colmore row , was born the birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham . (id143)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where president john roberts is leader . barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id144)
aida cruises is located in germany costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation & plc aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere (id145)
aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella shipbeam 32 . 2 aidastella topspeed 38 . 892 aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) (id146)
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine (id147)
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 (id148)
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans washington dc is the capital of the united states , anthem the star - spangled banner (id149)
amc matador is also known as american motors matador amc matador assembly thames , new zealand amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador is in the mid - size car amc matador engine amc v8 engine (id150)
alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) p & o ( company ) is located in london . alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra powertype humphrys , tennant and dykes alhambra builder samuda brothers (id151)
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) american motors subsidiary wheel horse amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler american motors is a key person at roy d . chapin , jr . . (id152)
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m (id153)
antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 associatedrocket minotaur iv (id154)
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 07 - 13 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres ) (id155)
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres ) antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18 (id156)
ariane 5 finalflight 2009 - 12 - 18 ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre ariane 5 diameter 5 . 4 ( metres ) (id157)
arianespace which is located in courcouronnes guiana space centre based in french guiana ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ela - 3 operated by arianespace (id158)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin dbs successor aston martin vantage aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin (id159)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 bodystyle coupe aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1 aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell (id160)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin (id161)
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly brussels , belgium audi a1 is in the supermini audi a1 bodystyle hatchback (id162)
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was founded by august horch audi subsidiary ducati audi belongs to audi e - tron audi subsidiary lamborghini (id163)
caterpillar inc . . which was founded in california caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . . (id164)
caterpillar inc . . is a key person at douglas r . oberhelman caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states aida cruises is located in rostock aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . . (id165)
caterpillar inc . . is a key person at douglas r . oberhelman caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . . (id166)
costa crociere is located in genoa costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation & plc aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere (id167)
finland . the finns finland is sami languages finland where the leader is juha sipila aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard (id168)
germany and the capital is berlin neptun werft which rostock germany where the leader is joachim gauck rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft (id169)
germany where the leader is andreas vosskuhle germany and the capital is berlin neptun werft which rostock rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft (id170)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the atlas ii countryorigin united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id171)
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol central espanol play in the uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez club central espanol penarol manager jorge orosman da silva abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo (id172)
aleksandr chumakov died in russia russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow aleksandr chumakov and soviet union national football team fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov (id173)
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv fc karpaty lviv manager oleh luzhny olympique lyonnais ' s chairman is jean - michel aulas aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais olympique lyonnais ground parc olympique lyonnais (id174)
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan play in serie a a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli position defender ( football ) alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria (id175)
alessio romagnoli currentclub a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic a . c . milan ' s chairman is silvio berlusconi alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 17 football team alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria (id176)
central espanol play in the uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini abel hernandez club uruguay national football team abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo (id177)
fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc amkar perm fc amkar perm gadzhi gadzhiyev manages (id178)
fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov (id179)
fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov aleksandr prudnikov club fc dynamo moscow (id180)
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - - 15 russian premier league aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow aleksandr chumakov and soviet union national football team fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov (id181)
ferencvarosi tc manager thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco akeem adams club ferencvarosi tc ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c . (id182)
ferencvarosi tc manager thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco velodrome akeem adams club ferencvarosi tc ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c . (id183)
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id184)
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 101 helena discovered 1868 - 08 - 15 james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin (id185)
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan james craig watson stateoforigin canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis (id186)
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade died in gottingen walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage (id187)
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen (id188)
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade , germany walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage (id189)
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 103 hera discovered 1868 - 09 - 07 james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin (id190)
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 103 hera periapsis 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin (id191)
107 camilla discoverer b . zellner 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id192)
107 camilla discoverer c . woods 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id193)
107 camilla discoverer f . vilas 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id194)
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai 107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08 n . r . pogson was born in nottingham n . r . pogson , england (id195)
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id196)
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis mass 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id197)
11264 claudiomaccone epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 11264 claudiomaccone orbitalperiod 1513 . 722 ( days ) 11264 claudiomaccone periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) (id198)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 (id199)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud and lives in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide (id200)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe militarybranch nigerian navy mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar (id201)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya (id202)
abraham a . ribicoff died in united states abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff ( workedat , american abraham a . ribicoff governor of connecticut workedas ) office (id203)
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff american abraham a . ribicoff died in new york (id205)
adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway office ( workedat , workedas ) member of parliament for gravesham adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id206)
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id207)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras antonis samaras inofficewhileprimeminister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id208)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer (id209)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) where the leader is khadija arib agnes kant and lives in the doesburg (id210)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant and lives in the doesburg emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer (id211)
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03 (id212)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland (id213)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 (id214)
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04 (id215)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id216)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 (id217)
alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach party austrian peoples party alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in austria (id218)
alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach party austrian peoples party alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in imst (id219)
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois (id220)
alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois (id221)
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales , united states . alfred moore scales the battle of gettysburg the native americans are an ethnic group . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id222)
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales the siege of petersburg siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id223)
juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire , argentina argentina and the language spoken is spanish . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id224)
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is a ska punk ska punk stylisticorigin punk rock (id225)
aaron deer is a indie rock aaron deer origin united states aaron deer associatedband / associatedmusicalartist wee giant aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer origin indiana (id226)
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner origin united states aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995 (id227)
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is a sludge metal aaron turner origin massachusetts aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995 (id228)
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born in katowice abradab was born in poland abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 (id229)
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a singing ace wilder was born in sweden ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 (id230)
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in stockholm ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 (id231)
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco (id232)
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk ace wilder was born in sweden hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco (id233)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music al anderson ( nrbq band ) activeyearsstartyear 1966 (id234)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music (id235)
alan frew . he was a musician alan frew origin canada alan frew was born in coatbridge alan frew origin newmarket , ontario alan frew background solo singer (id236)
aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia aleksandra kovac is a pop music pop music musicfusiongenre disco (id237)
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990 (id238)
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones , united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester alfred garth jones birthyear 1872 (id239)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in manchester . boris johnson is a leader of london which is lead by the european parliament . (id240)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party . london is lead via the european parliament . (id241)
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell is a folk music of ireland alison odonnell recordlabel floating world records alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963 (id242)
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel stanyan records (id243)
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison odonnell instrument autoharp jazz stylisticorigin folk music (id244)
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp (id245)
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is a acoustic music allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama allen forrest background solo singer allen forrest was born in fort campbell (id246)
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist voice of the wetlands all - stars anders osborne is a rock music anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989 (id247)
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is a blues anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989 (id248)
andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) . he was a singer , reality television judge (id249)
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) . he was a singing andra ( singer ) was born in romania (id250)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi andrew rayel is a trance music trance music stylisticorigin pop music (id251)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 . (id252)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 . (id253)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine jwaydan moyine associatedband / associatedmusicalartist john digweed andrew rayel instrument string instrument andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music (id254)
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003 (id255)
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest was born in fort campbell allen forrest is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass (id256)
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is a hip hop music allen forrest birthyear 1981 hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass (id257)
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london . alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party . (id258)
paraguay are an ethnic group mestizo agustin barboza was born in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza died in paraguay paraguay and the language spoken is spanish . (id259)
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records (id260)
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock (id261)
rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music country music stylisticorigin blues (id262)
rock music stylisticorigin blues rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music (id263)
twilight ( band ) is a black metal aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal (id264)
uruguay where the leader is raul fernando sendic rodriguez alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo montevideo , uruguay montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) uruguay and the language spoken is spanish . (id265)
