silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez is uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez is uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher played for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad is iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .

akeem priestley is connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club is in qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawraa sc .

alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra owns sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) owns hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) is scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is a member of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli is georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli is a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is affiliated with a . s . roma
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus compete in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is in atlanta .

budapest in hungary .
canada is in english .
canada has slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
gabor kubatov is chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finland has finnish language .


motherwell f . c . play at fir park .
jean - michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams is in st . louis .
tennessee titans is in nashville , tennessee .
aaron boogaard played for wichita thunder it was born in saskatchewan .
penarol played for jorge orosman da silva and manages abel hernandez .
abel hernandez plays for penarol it is in u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher played for netherlands national under - 17 football team it plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher played for netherlands national under - 17 football team it plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc it plays for steel azin f . c .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and attends thomas doll .
akeem adams played for trinidad and tobago national football team it plays for t & tec sports club .


akeem dent was born on september 27th 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc it is in connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for rops it plays for sheikh russel kc
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club it is based in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc manages alaa abdul - zahra and attends amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c . it plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . it is based in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers it was born september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born in tampere , finland .
fc torpedo moscow was at valery petrakov and manages aleksandr chumakov .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar it plays for fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk it is in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus owns pallacanestro cantu it was born on january 08th 1988 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . it is in turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . its ' s leader is conservative party of canada .
o canada is the anthem of canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . canada is in english .
fc dinamo batumi was at levan khomeriki and manages aleksandre guruli .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow it is based in otkrytiye arena .
rops play in veikkausliiga akeem priestley is in it .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . it is based in palo seco velodrome .
aaron hunt is affiliated with goslarer sc 08 it plays for sv werder bremen it plays for vfl wolfsburg .
vfl wolfsburg plays for sv werder bremen ii and dieter hecking while managing aaron hunt .
abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol it plays for hull city a . f . c . it plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol it plays for penarol it plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher was born in netherlands . adam maher was at az alkmaar . it plays for psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . it is based in palo seco . akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . .


akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq . it is in the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . it are based at al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for clyde f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . . it plays for accrington stanley f . c . . accrington stanley f . c . is based in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born on september 02nd 1995 , in tampere , finland .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia . vladimir putin is a leader in russia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov was at fc kuban krasnodar . it plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov was at russia national football b team . it plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . it plays for azal pfk . olympique lyonnais are based at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . it plays for us lesquin . olympique lyonnais are based at parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan played for italy national under - 16 football team and sinisa mihajlovic as well as managing alessio romagnoli .
a . c . milan plays for u . c . sampdoria and sinisa mihajlovic while managing alessio romagnoli .
alessio romagnoli played for italy national under - 16 football team it plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli was at u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . it was born in italy .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla .
alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus play in euroleague it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . it plays for fc tom tomsk . fc spartak moscow is based in otkrytiye arena .
fc spartak moscow play in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow it plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow plays for valery petrakov and manages aleksandr chumakov . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
hull city a . f . c . , steve bruce , now a manager of abel hernandez , played for uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia . sergey sobyanin is a leader in moscow .
real madrid castilla has played for brazil national under - 20 football team and luis miguel ramis and now manages abner ( footballer ) .
real madrid castilla has played for c . d . fas and luis miguel ramis and now manages abner ( footballer ) .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . francis g slay leads nasa . alex tyus was born in it .
tennessee titans is in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . it is based in palo seco .
sv werder bremen ii play in 3 liga it plays for sv werder bremen and alexander nouri while managing aaron hunt .
hull city a . f . c . manages abel hernandez and plays for steve bruce and penarol . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez played for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol
u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a abel hernandez is affiliated with penarol it plays for giuseppe iachini and manages abel hernandez .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12nd 1986 .
columbus blue jackets is in columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid plays for boston bruins .
akeem ayers was born july 10th 1989 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and al - zawraa sc . its ' s ground is in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and iraq national under - 23 football team . its ' s ground is in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and shabab al - ordon club . its ' s ground is in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for crewe alexandra f . c . it plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) high .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for scotland national under - 21 football team it plays for crewe alexandra f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) high .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar it is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) high . it plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow it is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) high . it plays for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . it plays for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc zestafoni . aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) high .
alex plante was born in canada on may 09th 1989 . its ' s club is anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada . alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . inuktitut is spoken in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada . asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada . slavey language is spoken in canada .
fc terek grozny has been manager of aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc kuban krasnodar . its ' s ground is in grozny .
valery petrakov was the manager of fc torpedo moscow and it participated in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov is in it . aleksandr tukmanov is chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
houston texans is in houston . houston texans is in texas .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division abel hernandez is affiliated with penarol hull city a . f . c . plays for steve bruce and manages it .
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol
fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov died in russia . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia .
fc karpaty lviv manages aleksandre guruli and plays for oleh luzhny and olympique lyonnais . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of it . olympique lyonnais ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan manages alessio romagnoli and plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria . a . c . milan play in serie a
sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team .
u . s . citta di palermo manages abel hernandez and plays for giuseppe iachini and uruguay national football team . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division
fc amkar perm manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for gadzhi gadzhiyev and fc spartak moscow . sergey rodionov is the chairman of it . fc spartak moscow ground is otkrytiye arena .
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc spartak moscow . fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov . its ' s ground is in grozny .
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc dynamo moscow . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow fc terek grozny ground is in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is the chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is palo seco .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome .
