albany , georgia has area codes 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon in united states . (id2)
mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico . (id3)
new mexico ' s house of representatives is the leader in albuquerque , new mexico . (id4)
new mexico is the leader in albuquerque , new mexico . (id5)
amarillo occupies 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
randall county is the location of amarillo , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana in richland township . (id8)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
antioch , california has area codes 925 . (id10)
antioch , california in contra costa county . (id11)
arlington has 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
kasim reed leads atlanta . (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey in new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama in lee county , alabama . (id17)
auburn occupies 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin in texas . (id19)
spanish is spoken in california . (id20)
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county in georgia . (id21)
fulton county is in united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan in united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california in united states . (id26)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas . (id28)
barack obama leads united states . (id29)
united states capitol is in united states house of representatives . (id30)
united states is home to akron , ohio and african americans . (id31)
salem is the capital of oregon . albany , oregon in oregon . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states united states house of representatives is the leader of it . (id33)
amarillo in united states it is part of texas . (id34)
anaheim , california is part of california it is led by united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california is in orange county , california . california in united states . (id36)
adams township , madison county , indiana in united states anderson , indiana is part of it . (id37)
antioch , california occupies 75 . 324 square km . antioch , california is 13 . 0 above sea level . (id38)
arlington occupies 258 . 2 sqk . arlington is 184 . 0 above sea level . (id39)
arlington is in texas . texas in united states . (id40)
atlanta is in united states it is in georgia . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey in united states it is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of washington dc . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey it is in united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id45)
pierce county , washington is in united states auburn is part of it . (id46)
united states capital is washington dc . albany , oregon is in here . (id47)
washington dc , united states is where amarillo originates . (id48)
united states is home to albuquerque , new mexico and african americans . (id49)
native americans are an ethnic group in united states albany , georgia is in it . (id50)
united states is home to auburn , alabama and native americans . (id51)
akron , ohio is from united states , where english is spoken . (id52)
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states , whose leader is leader . (id53)
united states is home to albany , georgia and asian americans . albany in georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico is led by new mexico . it has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id55)
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and african americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . (id56)
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and asian americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id58)
anaheim , california has area codes 657 , 714 . it has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . anaheim , ca has a utc offset of minus 7 . (id59)
anaheim , california is part of california california state capitol is the leader of california state senate in which it is located . (id60)
anderson , indiana is in indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . it is in united states . (id61)
united states is home to angola , indiana and asian americans . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana . (id62)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county . it is led by united states house of representatives . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area . (id63)
tarrant county in texas in united states . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is part of it . (id64)
washington dc is the capital of united states which includes many asian americans . atlanta comes from here . (id65)
the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has area codes 404 . (id66)
newark is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . atlantic city in united states . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . new york city is the largest city in united states . it in here . (id68)
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama . it is part of alabama . alabama is in united states . (id69)
washington dc is the capital of united states where washington state is located . auburn is in washington state . (id70)
washington state is in united states . washington state capital is olympia . auburn is part of it . (id71)
albany , georgia is part of georgia it is part of dougherty county , georgia . atlanta is the capital of georgia . (id72)
anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana . madison county in indiana in united states . alexandria is part of it . (id73)
trenton is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is in united states atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . (id74)
houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is in them . english is spoken in texas . (id75)
attica , indiana comes from united states where the capital is washington dc it is in fountain county , indiana . (id76)
washington dc is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana . it in here . (id77)
akron , ohio is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . (id78)
united states is home to akron , ohio and asian americans . akron is part of summit county , ohio . (id79)
united states is home to albany , oregon and asian americans . albany is part of benton county , oregon . (id80)
barack obama leads united states . albuquerque , new mexico is from here where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id81)
albany , georgia is written in english and from united states where african americans live . (id82)
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . (id83)
albany , georgia is from united states where they speak english and native americans live . albany in georgia is part of georgia . (id84)
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 and 575 . the population density of albuquerque is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . it covers 486 . 2 square kilometers . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is in united states . alpharetta , georgia is in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . it is part of fulton county , georgia . (id86)
potter county , texas was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . amarillo is in potter county which is in texas . (id87)
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is in united states it is part of potter county which is in texas . austin is the capital of them . (id88)
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa . (id89)
anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson is 268 . 0 above sea level . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . (id90)
angola , indiana is in united states it is part of indiana . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana . it has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id91)
antioch , california has a utc offset of minus 7 . the population of antioch , ca is 102372 . antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . the area codes for it are 925 . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . ` ` mayor ' ' is the leader of it . (id93)
lee county is in alabama . auburn , alabama is in united states it is part of lee county , alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group within the united states . (id94)
lee county is located in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group of here . auburn , alabama is part of it . (id95)
pierce county , washington is in united states . auburn is part of pierce county . auburn , washington is in king county , washington . washington dc is the capital of the united states . (id96)
auburn is from united states where the capital city is washington dc . auburn , washington is part of washington state . it is part of king county , washington . (id97)
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . austin is part of it . (id98)
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . chinese is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa . (id99)
georgia is in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is in the u . s . state of georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . (id100)
lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of the state of indiana . (id101)
texas was published in united states in english . houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is part of them . (id102)
albany , oregon was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon . (id103)
new jersey in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . washington dc is the capital of here . new york city is the largest city in the united states . (id104)
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where the leader is called leader and there are many african americans . barack obama leads here . (id105)
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where the leader is called new mexico and there are many asian americans . john sanchez leads new mexico . (id106)
albany , oregon was published in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon . (id107)
albuquerque , new mexico originates from united states where the leader is called mayor of albuquerque and native americans live . barack obama leads here . (id108)
albany , georgia is from united states where they speak english and native americans live . albany in georgia is part of here . (id109)
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of indiana . (id110)
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana . (id111)
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of georgia . americans live in here it is led by leader . asian americans are an ethnic group within it . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is in united states it is part of georgia . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id113)
potter county , texas is in texas . texas is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas . (id114)
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is located in united states . amarillo is part of potter county , texas . english is spoken in them . austin is the capital of texas . (id115)
potter county , texas is situated in the state of texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas english is spoken in them . amarillo is part of it . (id116)
fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . (id117)
english is spoken in california . antioch , california is part of nasa . it is part of contra costa county . california ' s 11th state assembly district leads it . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area . (id118)
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for it is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia . (id119)
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . attica , indiana is part of united states . it is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . (id120)
lee county is in alabama . alabama is from united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id121)
auburn is in united states it is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is part of king county , washington . (id122)
georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin is in texas . english is spoken in texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . austin is part of it . (id123)
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is part of it . (id124)
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is part of it . spanish is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is in texas . (id125)
indiana is in united states . alexandria is in madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of indiana . american english is spoken in the state of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of it . (id126)
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of them . houston is the largest city in texas . (id127)
texas is in united states . arlington is part of them . austin is the capital of the united states , and its state capital is austin . fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county in texas . (id128)
new jersey is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . new york city is the largest city in here . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id129)
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of linn county , oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . native americans are an ethnic group in it . (id130)
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . asian americans are an ethnic group in it . (id131)
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and african americans live . american live in here angola indians is part of steuben county . (id132)
lee county is in the state of alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . washington dc is the capital of here . auburn , alabama is part of it . (id133)
lee county is in united states auburn , alabama is part of it . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id134)
new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of trenton and the ethnic group of native americans . newark is the largest city of n . j . . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . (id135)
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states . albuquerque , in new mexico , is part of new mexico . leader leads it . english is spoken in here . it is led by barack obama . (id136)
angola , indiana comes from united states where the language is english and asian americans live . americans live in here angola indians is part of steuben county . (id137)
akron , ohio comes from united states , which has washington dc and contains the ethnic group native americans . barack obama leads here . akron is part of summit county , ohio . (id138)
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of here . americans live in the united states it is led by leader . african americans are an ethnic group within it . (id139)
