1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english . grantville gazette ii which in turn was preceded by the grantville gazette preceded grantville gazette ii .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with land grant universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . african americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press .
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . native americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press .
soho press is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by them .
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states , where the language is english . english is spoken in great britain . washington dc is the capital of it . native americans live in here .
australians is the country of origin of into battle . these books were published in the following order : aenir , above the veil , into battle and the violet keystone . aenir was preceded by castle .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here . english is spoken in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . barack obama is the leader of here . asian americans live in it .
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . asian americans live in it . 1634 : the galileo affair preceded 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . americans live in here . african americans live in it .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in it . the leader of here is known as leader .
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of georgia . americans live in here it is led by leader . asian americans are an ethnic group within it .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states it is part of georgia . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
potter county , texas is in texas . texas is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is located in united states . amarillo is part of potter county , texas . english is spoken in them . austin is the capital of texas .
potter county , texas is situated in the state of texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas english is spoken in them . amarillo is part of it .
fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana .
english is spoken in california . antioch , california is part of nasa . it is part of contra costa county . california ' s 11th state assembly district leads it . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area .
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for it is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . attica , indiana is part of united states . it is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana .
lee county is in alabama . alabama is from united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is in united states it is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is part of king county , washington .
georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin is in texas . english is spoken in texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . austin is part of it .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is part of it .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is part of it . spanish is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is in texas .
indiana is in united states . alexandria is in madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of indiana . american english is spoken in the state of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of it .
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of them . houston is the largest city in texas .
texas is in united states . arlington is part of them . austin is the capital of the united states , and its state capital is austin . fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county in texas .
new jersey is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . new york city is the largest city in here . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of linn county , oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . native americans are an ethnic group in it .
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . asian americans are an ethnic group in it .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and african americans live . american live in here angola indians is part of steuben county .
lee county is in the state of alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . washington dc is the capital of here . auburn , alabama is part of it .
lee county is in united states auburn , alabama is part of it . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of trenton and the ethnic group of native americans . newark is the largest city of n . j . . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it .
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states . albuquerque , in new mexico , is part of new mexico . leader leads it . english is spoken in here . it is led by barack obama .
angola , indiana comes from united states where the language is english and asian americans live . americans live in here angola indians is part of steuben county .
akron , ohio comes from united states , which has washington dc and contains the ethnic group native americans . barack obama leads here . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of here . americans live in the united states it is led by leader . african americans are an ethnic group within it .
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in seminary ridge , gettysburg . 11th mississippi infantry monument , united states , is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
11th mississippi infantry monument , situated in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade . its ' s leader is prime minister .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . baku is the capital city and azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade . the legislature in it is national assembly . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers .
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey is led by ahmet davutoglu . its ' s leader is president of turkey .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . awh engineering college was established in 2001 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . european university association headquarter is in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it is led by monarchy of denmark .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college employs about 250 academic staff . mumbai is india ' s largest city . it is located in india .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . the city of the city is governed by magistrate . the headquarters of the school is in brussels . mols is to the northeast of it .
american duncan rouleau created baymax . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . big hero 6 stars alan tudyk .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for fc bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . italian ' s leader is pietro grasso . ac lumezzane ground is in italy .
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is labour . their ground ground is in it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ( italy ) played in serie d , which s . s . robur siena were champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . leader is spoken in it .
the olympic stadium is located in marousi . gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while also being a manager at aek athens fc their ground ground is in the olympic stadium .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where leader is spoken . rome is the capital of italy . its ' s leader is pietro grasso . italians inhabit it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in the country where the capital is rome , the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella . italy is inhabited by italians .
arem - arem originates from indonesia where the currency is indonesian rupiah . its ' s leader is jusuf kalla and indonesian spoken is a leader is available nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is from sumatra and malay peninsula . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur and asam pedas was written .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . malaysian malay people are from malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia where abu zahar ujang is president and where asam pedas is from .
bacon explosion is made of bacon and sausage . it is bacon and sausage and can be found in united states . bacon explosion is from the kansas city region .
bacon explosion is located in united states , where one of the official languages is english and the leader is paul ryan . washington dc is here . white americans are an ethnic group in it .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains ketchup . brown sauce is a main ingredient in bacon . bacon is a variation of a blt sandwich dish found in united kingdom .
baked alaska are found in france where french people are led by gerard larcher and manuel valls . baked alaska is from hong kong .
antioquia department is from colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . lemon from the order of rosids are in bandeja paisa recipes . it is from the an ingredient region .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and french is spoken . barny cakes includes sponge cake .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of shumai . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . siomay is a variation of shumai and batagor . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where one can find it .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of siomay . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found .
bhajji has different names including : bhaji or bajji . bhajji is karnataka and uses gram flour . it is gram flour and vegetables and can be found in india .
bhajji is from india , where indians live . t s thakur is a leader in india . vajubhai vala is the leader in karnataka where bhajji comes from .
bhajji located in india whose leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . indians are from india . bhajji comes from karnataka .
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico .
dessert bionico , can be varied using honey . mexico is lead by enrique pena nieto , spanish is the official language and is home to bionico .
bionico is dessert . bionico is from jalisco . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . it is a variation of a honey dish found in mexico .
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from .
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and laura boldrini . rome is the capital of italy .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians are from italy .
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy .
fried chicken is an ingredient of ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet comes from java and malaysia and singapore . an ethnic group are an ethnic group in the country .
java is home to ayam penyet and the javanese . tony tan is the leader of singapore . english is spoken in singapore where ayam penyet is a dish .
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines .
ajoblanco comes from spain where the language is spanish and spaniards live . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
ajoblanco is from spain , where spaniards live . felipe vi is the leader of it . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
united states alan bean is now retired . alan bean , who was chosen by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member , was born in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was a member of the apollo 14 crew . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 was organized by nasa .
william anders , united states , was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . it was commanded by frank borman . william anders was born in british hong kong .
united states buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . glen ridge born a member was fighter pilot on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin is united states . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member , fighter pilot , was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . he is now retired . a member graduated from 1963 from mit .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . william anders was the backup pilot of him . a member is retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . a member has retired . he was on the crew of apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as a backup pilot .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . nasa ' s apollo 14 crew included alan shepard . alan shepard died in nasa .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . he was united states .
william anders is from united states . william anders , who was part of the apollo 8 crew , retired in september 01st 1969 . he was fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii . denmark uses faroese . it is part of the central region .
the runway length at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 4100 . 0 and named 14l / 32r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 metres above sea level , is operated by enaire .
agra airport is situated in india , is run by the indian air force and has a runway of 1818 m . the location identifier for it is viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
the location identifier for al asad airbase , iraq is oraa . its ' s runway length is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at the battle , operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and it icao identifier is oraa . the battle runway length is 3992 . 88 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at it , operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase , the operating organization for al asad airbase , was involved in libya in 1986 and has general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in it . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase whose aircraft carriers transport ac - 130 . usaf aircraft carriers was involved in grenada . operation enduring freedom was a battle involving usaf aircraft carriers . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in it .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 733 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport . alderney airport is 88 metres metres above sea level .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 3310 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18r / 36l at 2900 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in united states at 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan with runway 7 / 25 at 1533 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan with runway 1 / 19 at 2744 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo with runway 05l / 23r at 3800 . 0 long . angola international airport is 159m above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , whose leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium . philippe is the leader of belgium . charles michel is the leader of it .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . the location identifier for atlantic city international airport is kacy . egg harbor township is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid . harrietstown , new york is in united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york . saranac lake , new york , lake is served by it .
adirondack regional airport is located in saranac lake harrietstown , new york essex county , new york . harrietstown , new york is in united states . the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force . it is part of awadh . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of indian air force .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , whose leader is ram naik . india ' s air force has a helicopter known as hal light combat helicopter and also operates agra airport .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . iraq is led by haider al - abadi . its ' s leader is fuad masum . arabic is spoken in iraq .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . cleveland is part of ohio in cuyahoga county , ohio . the building was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york is a building with 12 floors . it has a total floor area . new york , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was begun in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where illinois is rahm emanuel . springfield is the capital of illinois . chicago is in united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc faroese is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii is the leader of the country . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international , with bill marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of the hotel . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is the language of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is spoken in denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of the grounds of adare manor and palace of westminster . adare manor is located in republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny .
government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall . it was built in 1961 . building , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan , at the following addres : 142 nakadori . akita museum of art are three floors at akita prefecture .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . some chinese people are an ethnic group in japan where taro aso is president and where akita museum of art is from .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . mason school of business is located in it in united states . college of william & mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall . alan b . miller was designed by robert a . m . stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . the leader is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where ahmedabad is located . it is located in gujarat .
ampara hospital is situated in sri lanka of eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . it is located in the region of ampara district .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of it . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader in the country . eastern provincial council is the governing body of sri lanka .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach and other significant buildings in los angeles herald examiner building . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and other significant buildings in asilomar state beach . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states . new york city is part of new netherland in manhattan . it is lead by cyrus vance jr . .
john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row . birmingham city council is the governing body of the city . b postcode area are postal codes for birmingham . labour politician , john clancy is the leader of it .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where the capital is washington dc , and key leaders are barack obama and john roberts . leader is a leader in here .
aida cruises is located in germany . aida cruises operated aidastella . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere . it is owned by costa crociere .
aida cruises operate aidastella .


washington dc is the capital of united states . the star - spangled banner is the anthem of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit the united states .
american motors matador is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car .
p & o ( company ) is in london . p & o ( company ) owns alhambra .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .





guiana space centre is headquartered in french guiana . arianespace is located in courcouronnes . ela - 3 is operated by arianespace .


elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
audi a1 class is supermini .
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california . it was founded in united states aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .
costa crociere is located in genoa . costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere .
finns are from finland . juha sipila is the leader of it . sami languages is spoken in finland .
rostock is in germany . berlin is the capital of germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . joachim gauck is the leader of it .
rostock is in germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . berlin is the capital of germany . andreas vosskuhle is the leader of it .
washington dc is the capital of united states . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit it . english is the language of the united states .
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol
fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov died in russia . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia .
fc karpaty lviv manages aleksandre guruli and plays for oleh luzhny and olympique lyonnais . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of it . olympique lyonnais ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan manages alessio romagnoli and plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria . a . c . milan play in serie a
sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team .
u . s . citta di palermo manages abel hernandez and plays for giuseppe iachini and uruguay national football team . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division
fc amkar perm manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for gadzhi gadzhiyev and fc spartak moscow . sergey rodionov is the chairman of it . fc spartak moscow ground is otkrytiye arena .
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc spartak moscow . fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov . its ' s ground is in grozny .
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc dynamo moscow . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow fc terek grozny ground is in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is the chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is palo seco .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome .

james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
walter baade was born in german empire , graduated from university of gottingen , and died in gottingen .
walter baade was born in german empire and went on to attend university of gottingen .
walter baade was born in german empire . walter baade graduated from university of gottingen . it was germany .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin .



n . r . pogson is england . n . r . pogson died in chennai . it was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .


abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it lives in kuching it originates from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21st 1936 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem attended university of adelaide .


abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . it is here .
abraham a . ribicoff was united states . it died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . native americans are an ethnic group in united states . abraham a . ribicoff is here .
adam holloway was born in kent and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is a leader in netherlands .
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . its ' s birthplace is cleveland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . its ' s birth date is may 20th 1891 .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in graz . it died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . it was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alvah sabin is in vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . it is from vermonts 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin ( born in georgia , vermont ) died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district . it is in vermont .
alfred moore scales is in united states . battle of gettysburg was a battle involving it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
alfred moore scales is in united states . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander . siege of petersburg is one of the battles of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here .
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina .
aaron bertram is ska punk .
aaron deer is indie rock .
aaron turner is black metal .
aaron turner is sludge metal .
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland on november 12nd 1978 .
ace wilder , born in sweden , was singing . ace wilder was born july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder , born in stockholm , was songwriter . ace wilder was born july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder is hip hop music .
ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder is hip hop music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
alan frew , born in coatbridge , was musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . boris johnson is a leader in london . alfred garth jones died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . labour is a leader in manchester . alfred garth jones died in london .
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland .
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz .
alison odonnell is jazz .
alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is acoustic music . it was born in fort campbell .
anders osborne is rock music .
anders osborne is blues .
andra ( singer ) born in campia turzii served as singer , reality television judge . andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , was singing . andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel is trance music .

allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is hip hop music .
allen forrest is hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by parliament of the united kingdom . labour is the leader of it . it died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . spanish is spoken in paraguay . juan afara is the leader of it . mestizo are an ethnic group in paraguay agustin barboza died in it .
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
twilight ( band ) is black metal .
montevideo are found in uruguay where spanish people are led by daniel martinez ( politician ) and raul fernando sendic rodriguez . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
