abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
asphalt is an attack aircraft of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of andrews county airport .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is the city .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region .
the inhabitants of denmark are known as danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
port authority of new york and new jersey is based in new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
al asad airbase was involved in battles at libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for al asad airbase is boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county maryland is found to southwest of adams county , pennsylvania .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as prime minister .
the native name of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located at south africa .
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a total floor area .
300 north lasalle is located at chicago .
george winckler were the architects who designed 320 south boston building .
they started to build 320 south boston building on 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is competing in 814 .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects who designed adare manor .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
college of william & mary is the owner of alan b miller hall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house ' reference number is 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan were the architects who designed asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds offers arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows as a sport .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located at new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
the inhabitants of india are known as indians .
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located at beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 the ram rebellion is print .
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is hardcover .
english is the language of a long long way .
' ' a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has an issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has an issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has a lccn number of 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
english is the language of aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
english is the language of alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of math .
english is the language of castle .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in united states .
th secret scriptures was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states .
english is the language of united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the league , salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in the mechanics .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the ground of aek athens fc is located in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located at baku .
azal pfk is in the league , azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is located in united states .
akron , ohio is located at summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc
christian panucci plays for inter milan
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona
gubbio is a food found in umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
b m reddy was appointed as the president of acharya institute of technology .
to the west of kerala , is mahe , india .
meride is the administrative arrondissement of mendrisio .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen .
there are 16 , 000 students students attending school of business and social sciences .
alan bean is united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is the chancellor of california .
elliot see died on february 28th 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
the founder of bananaman is bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
an alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
john buscema was an award winner at eisner award .
karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman was an award winner at kirby award .
peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has an area code of 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico ' s house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico .
amarillo has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo is part of randall county , which is in texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has an area code of 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is the language of california .
the largest city in dekalb county in georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is located in united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county in california is located in united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county in texas is fort worth in texas .
the leader of united states is barack obama .
united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia .
arros negre is a food found in valencian community .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore .
tomato is an ingredient of blt sandwich .
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong .
bakewell pudding has cold .
bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a food found in paisa region .
these is an aircraft fighter in barny cakes .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
an alternative name for bhajji is bhaji or bajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is in the class bird .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
language is the language of indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of united kingdom is david cameron .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in contributing property and belongs to 2000 students .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield which is governed by frederick , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the soldiers .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , made of the soldiers , is made of turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is from united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albany , oregon is located in oregon , the leader of which is salem .
albuquerque , new mexico is made from united states and is written in united states house of representatives .
amarillo is located in united states , texas .
anaheim , california is located in california and is made with united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is in orange county , california , which is part of united states .
anderson , indiana is in adams township , madison county , indiana , which is part of united states .
antioch , california has a runway length of 13 . 0 and is located in 75 . 324 square km .
arlington has a runway length of 184 . 0 and is located in 258 . 2 sqk .
arlington is in texas , which is part of united states .
atlanta is located in georgia , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is published in united states , the capital of which is washington dc
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , which is part of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre postgraduate students and the oclc number is it .
auburn is in pierce county , washington , which is part of united states .
albany , oregon is located in united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
the capital of united states is washington dc and amarillo , texas comes from there .
the country of albuquerque , new mexico is united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is an example of united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
the country of auburn , alabama is united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio originates from united states , where the official language is english .
the head of state of united states is known as leader . here is home to albuquerque , new mexico .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a traditional dish from italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where one can find arem - arem .
when in italy , you ' ll want to know italian is their spoken language and arrabbiata sauce is a food found there .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy , where one can find arrabbiata sauce .
italy includes a dish which has chili pepper as an ingredient and arrabbiata sauce is called it .
the dish of arros negre is from valencian community in spain .
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a food found in indonesia .
the dish of ayam penyet is from malaysia in indonesia .
bacon sandwiches and blt sandwich ( and it variation of club sandwich ) are kinds of the same dish .
bacon is a main ingredient in ' bacon explosion ' , which also contains sausage .
bacon can be used to enhance the flavour of bacon sandwiches which is also referred to as rasher sandwich .
bread is included in bacon sandwiches , also referred to as blt sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a traditional dish from france .
manuel valls is the leader of france , where one can find baked alaska .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a traditional dish from united states .
one variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , in which fruit is a key ingredient .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a traditional dish from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family .
colombian cuisine includes a dish which has chicharron as an ingredient and bandeja paisa is called it .
claude bartolone is the leader of france , where one can find barny cakes .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a traditional dish from indonesia .
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as an ingredient .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a traditional dish from singapore .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore , where one can find beef kway teow .
the main ingredients of the singapore and indonesia dish known as beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
indians is the name for the people of india and one of the traditional dishes there is bhajji .
t s thakur is the leader of india , where one can find bhajji .
binignit is from philippines , where igorot people are one of the ethnic groups .
the main ingredients of the philippines dish known as binignit are banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato , and it also includes banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , where one can find bionico .
granola is an ingredient used in the preparation of bionico , a dish from guadalajara .
bionico and dessert are related and cake can be used as a variation in a dessert .
the leader of indonesia is joko widodo . indonesia is the home of bakso .
shumai is a variation of shiitake and batagor .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and the length of the runway is 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres metres above sea level .
found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport has a runway that is 3500 long .
agra airport is an art museum in uttar pradesh , and is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is found in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the usaf , which fought in grenada , operates al asad airbase .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which is of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , where allama iqbal international airport is located .
allama iqbal international airport is found in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level , 3800 feet first runway is 3800 feet long .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol ( elevation - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level ) is made from asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3 , 300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas which is headed by houston .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 and it serves the city of luanda .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the first runway of ashgabat international airport has a length of 12467 feet and an elevation of 211m metres above sea level .
turkmenistan airlines is the operating organisation of ashgabat international airport with their headquarters in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is found in egg harbor township , united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport , where the runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and the length of the runway is 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located at brasilia and is the operating organisation of afonso pena international airport .
there are 27250 members of 1 fc magdeburg who are in regionalliga in 2014 .
the ground of a . c . chievo verona is called verona , italy and has the capacity for a crowd of 39371 .
a . c . chievo verona is voiced by rolando maran , who was born in italy .
the first club jorge humberto rodriguez played for was fc dallas and jorge humberto rodriguez is now manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
there are 1500 members of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis who are in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece .
the first club stuart parker played for was blackburn rovers fc and him is now manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
the first club stuart parker played for was irlam town football club and him is now manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is located in gubbio .
livorno is the location of the ground of a . s . livorno calcio , their playing in serie
the first club christian panucci played for was a . s . roma and him is now manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
the first club paulo sousa played for was juventus fc and him is now manager of acf fiorentina .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and them has 47290 members .
the ground of aek athens fc is called greece and has the capacity for a crowd of 69618 .
the olympic stadium is the location of the ground of aek athens fc , their ground playing in superleague of greece
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst , the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan are known as azal arena ground .
akron summit assault has 3000 menbers and was a part of 2011 pdl season season .
gubbio is located in patient - 2 and is the location of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti is attached to empoli f . c . and him has been the manager of a . s . roma .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion , which is available in e book , is virginia demarce .
2158 is the abbreviation for aip advances , aip adv . is the eissn number .
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of ' ' a long long way ' ' is 57392246 , and a long long way is available in print & paperback .
a long long way is 292 pages long and isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press , which is the publisher of a long long way .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was produced in print .
' a severed wasp ' has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of ' ' home to the severed wasp ' ' is 8805735 , and a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
' a severed wasp ' is written in english , the language originated in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science and business media , whose founder is julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the abbreviation of ' ' 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 ' ' and is available in fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
' ' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' ' was followed by ' ' alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' ' the author of which is brandon sanderson .
american journal of mathematics is abbreviated to am . j . math , and math is also the american journal of math subject .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press , which is the publisher of american journal of mathematics .
the capital of united states is washington dc and 1634 : the ram rebellion comes from there .
the capital of united states is washington dc and a fortress of grey ice comes from there .
the country of a fortress of grey ice is united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the country of a wizard of mars is united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the country of a wizard of mars is united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
1 decembrie 1918 university ( alba ) is affiliated with uab and was established in alba .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of visvesvaraya technological university which has belgaum as visvesvaraya technological university government .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with bangalore and it called b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education , an award based in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala which is lead by kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird ( united states ) and considered to be in the comics genre .
bbc broadcasted bananaman which starred jill shilling .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv , .
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor , starred in bananaman .
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
created by steven t . seagle , baymax , is a character in big hero 6 .
created by roger mckenzie , the full name of ben urich is ' ' benjamin urich ' ' .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
created by marv wolfman , the full name of bibbo bibbowski is ' ' bibbowski ' ' .
alan bean was born on march 15th 1932 and him alma mater was retired .
alan shepard is deceased and died in a crew member .
buzz aldrin was born on glen ridge , new jersey , in january 20th 1930 .
buzz aldrin was glen ridge , new jersey who was born in essex county .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from retired , has afit in 1962 members .
there are 50 floors at 108 st georges terrace , a building that was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors of 200 public square in united states .
20 fenchurch street is located on 34 floors and is 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is a location in chicago , with a floor count of 300 floors .
george winckler in united states was the architect of 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at ' ' east link bridge ' ' .
populous was the architect of 3arena which is located at ' ' dublin ' ' .
marriott international own ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . 23 floor ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is owned by copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the construction of the building was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka , and the adisham hall has the tudor revival style of architecture .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , and it has the tudor revival style of architecture .
akita museum of art is from japan , where brazilians are one of the ethnic groups .
akita museum of art has three floors and is owned by 142 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat , and it has the lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road style of architecture .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka where the leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths is found in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is an art museum in new york city , and is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick in munster .
3arena is located in dublin in republic of ireland .
alan bean , a united states national whose birth place is retired , served as wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin is an united states born in glen ridge , new jersey in it of which joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , born in united states , was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now 1963 from mit .
elliot see ( born in united states ) went to university of texas at austin and was dallas .
elliot see , who graduated in university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 , spent st . louis in space .
elliot see graduated from st . louis , which is affiliated with university of texas at austin and francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st louis in france on february 28th 1966 .
alan shepard , who was born in 13017 minutes , was awarded new hampshire which ranks higher than the navy .
the print book 1634 : the bavarian crisis is 448 pages long and the author is virginia demarce and eric flint .
english is spoken in great britain and is 1634 : the galileo affair 1634 the ram rebellion was written , . the parent company of it is 1634 the galileo affair .
association for computing machinery , with alexander l . wolf as the official language is new york city , is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
aids ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of journal . the journal has the abbreviation hiv / aids and the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
aids ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of journal . the journal has the abbreviation hiv / aids and the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who resides in stanford university and where united states was him almamater .
a fortress of grey ice , which was written by j . v . jones has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in 49805501 with the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by english in soho press . soho press language of them is united states .
from united states , ' a severed wasp ' was originally published in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' is 388 pages long and is available in hardcover . home to the severed wasp has an oclc number of 8805735 .
` ` abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ' ' is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg which has the lccn number 32024459 and can be located using issn number 1865 - 8784 .
aenir is published by english in above the veil , in australians .
aenir , the prequel to garth nix , was published by above the veil in english .
the hardcover book above the veil is 248 pages long and the author is garth nix .
acta palaeontol . pol is the abbreviation for acta palaeontologica polonica which has the lccn number 60040714 and can be located using issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of addiction . addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation addiction and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , who published journal , which has the issn number of 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university ( of new york ) is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is also affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix in english and was followed by above the veil .
from united states , alcatraz versus the evil librarians was originally published in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number pages can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
english is spoken in both great britain and united states . additionally , alcatraz versus the evil librarians from here .
a glastonbury romance was born in john cowper powys , blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance is now a crew of john cowper powys which was operated by shirley , derbyshire .
sage publications is sara miller mccune which stars 0001 - 8392 and has administrative science quarterly as a character .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states where the capital city is washington dc and home to the severed wasp was written .
' ' a wizard of mars , originally published in english , is from united states , which includes african americans among part ethnic groups .
washington dc is the capital of united states a country where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . also where ' ' a wizard of mars originates from .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states , where barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
leader is the leader of united states which is where 1634 the ram rebellion was written . additionally , african americans are one of the ethnic groups of here .
leader is the leader of united states which is where a fortress of grey ice was written . additionally , native americans are one of the ethnic groups of here .
the first club jens hartel played for was fc lokomotive leipzig , he is part of the sv germania schoneiche club and , manages 1 fc magdeburg .
the first club massimo drago played for was a . s . d . licata 1931 , he is part of the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and , manages a . c . cesena .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa is the nickname of ac lumezzane . lumezzane have 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
the first club jorge humberto rodriguez played for was alianza f . c . , jorge humberto rodriguez is part of the el salvador national football team club and , manages a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground of it is located in antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis were in the efxeinoupoli season .
association football club blackpool is the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool . afc blackpool have 1500 members and their ground ground is in blackpool .
the first club stuart parker played for was chesterfield fc , he is part of the runcorn fc halton club and , manages a . f . c . blackpool .
the first club dave challinor played for was stockport county fc , he is part of the colwyn bay fc club and , manages afc fylde .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio . as livorno calcio have 19 , 238 members members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
christian panucci are the champions of serie in which a . s . livorno calcio also play . as livorno calcio is in the carpi fc 1909 league .
the first club christian panucci played for was chelsea fc , he is part of the real club and , manages a . s . livorno calcio .
the ground for aek athens fc is greece and them compete in superleague of greece . previous champions of olympiacos f . c . are olympiacos fc .
the first club gus poyet played for was real zaragoza , he is part of the chelsea fc club and , manages aek athens fc .
eberhard van der laan is a tenant of amsterdam which is owned by amsterdam - centrum and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eberhard van der laan is a tenant of amsterdam which is owned by the leaders and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the first club john van den brom played for was jong ajax , he is part of the istanbulspor a . s club and , manages az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca league . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil .
luciano spalletti is in the udinese calcio club , is manager of a . s . roma and is affiliated with the empoli f . c . club .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is s . s . chieti calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . licata 1931 club .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is u . s castrovillari calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club .
massimo drago is in the u . s castrovillari calcio club , is manager of a . c . cesena and is affiliated with the s . s . chieti calcio club .
john madin , who was born in birmingham , was influenced by colmore row and wrote 103 colmore row .
200 public square is in cleveland , who ' s leader is frank g jackson , and is a part of cuyahoga county , ohio .
there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue , united states , with a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , dupage county , whose leader is rahm emanuel .
the architect of 320 south boston building is united states and the 320 south boston building is owned by 22 .
hok sve were the architects of 3arena on north wall quay which was completed in december 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , with marriott international floors , is owned by it .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is owned by marriott international , has 23 floors and the architect was 3xn firm .
augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury has designed many significant buildings , including palace of westminster and the grounds of adare manor .
philip charles hardwick is the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by jp mcmanus .
haputale ' s adisham hall has tudor and jacobean but the adisham hall was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of tudor and jacobean .
ranil wickremesinghe is a leader of sri lanka , the country where , in haputale , adisham hall is located .
adisham hall is a food found in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and where the rupee is the leader .
alan b . miller hall , which was completed on united states , is located on 30th march 2007 . the grounds was added to mason school of business which is based in here .
julia morgan born in san francisco was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference grounds . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is riverside art museum .
julia morgan who was born in california has designed many significant buildings , including chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds , located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california , was added to national of historic places 87000823 and has reference number : february 27th 1987 .
asser levy public baths built in 1904 is located on avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
asser levy public baths built in 1904 is located on new york city . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , comes from birmingham , which is run by conservative party ( uk ) .
birmingham , led by liberal democrats , was the birthplace of john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa is located in ethiopia . the current leader in it is hailemariam desalegn also addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
albany , georgia is a traditional dish from united states , where dougherty county , georgia is the ethnic group . asian americans is an ethnic group in here .
albuquerque , new mexico in new mexico has 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km students and is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is a traditional dish from the united states region of african americans . fulton county are an ethnic group in here .
alpharetta , georgia is a traditional dish from the united states region of asian americans . georgia are an ethnic group in here .
alpharetta , georgia is a food found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
anaheim , california has a floor area of minus 7 and the oclc number 657 , 714 .
anaheim , california is located in california state senate , which is part of california state capitol , california .
lafayette township , madison county , indiana is part of indiana in united states and is the location of anderson , indiana .
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , asian americans are the ethnic group of the united states .
antioch , california is located in contra costa county , san francisco bay area , and united states house of representatives .
arlington is located in tarrant county in texas , united states , where the leader party is fort worth in texas .
atlanta is a food found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
the lccn number of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre , that is in 347 . 1 square kilometres and has 404 members .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . newark is the leader of n . j . .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , in united states , where the leader is new york city .
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama and is part of united states .
auburn is located in the city of washington state , a country where washington dc is the leader .
auburn is located in washington state , where the capital is olympia and the leader is united states .
albany , georgia is located in georgia , which is lead by dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria is located in madison county , indiana , which is part of anderson , indiana and is led by united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where the capital city is trenton .
arlington is located in texas , where the leader is english and / or houston .
attica , indiana is found in united states , where the capital city is washington dc .
attica , indiana is located in united states , fountain county , indiana capital of which is washington dc .
akron , ohio is from united states , where the capital is washington dc and english is the capital .
akron , ohio is a traditional dish from summit county , ohio and is also found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
benton county , oregon , an ethnic group in united states , in the country of albany , oregon is benton county , oregon . albany is a food found in here , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
barack obama , president of united states is asian americans , which is one of the ethnic groups of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico was published in here .
african americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and albany , georgia comes from .
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and angola , indiana comes from .
operated by the aarhus lufthavn a / s organisation , aarhus airport has a runway that is 2776 . 0 metres long . aarhus airport also has a runway with 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , is 2003 . 0 meters above sea level and serves the city of saranac lake .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of madrid , spain .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in uttar pradesh is viag . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . an aircraft there is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . usaf aircraft carriers fought in libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers were involved in grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway of alderney airport , which serves the city of alderney , is made of poaceae and is 877 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan civil aviation authority which is part of pakistan . the hub airport for the airport is jinnah international airport .
punjab , pakistan is where allama iqbal international airport is located , it has a runway named 18l / 36r , as well as a runway that is 2900 . 0 long .
at an elevation of 210m above seal level , alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in united states .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin and the leader is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , which is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city international airport runway length is 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of madrid . the leader party at madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in madrid ( spain ) where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes ( spain ) where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
the location of 11th mississippi infantry monument is adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is located in carrol county , maryland .
11th mississippi infantry monument , gettysburg , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to 11th mississippi infantry monument southeast .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is published by turk sehitleri aniti . the legislature is located in azerbaijan , which capital is baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan which is led by national assembly and is the location of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial .
ataturk monument is located in turkey , the capital of which is ahmet davutoglu and where ankara is a leader .
guanciale is one of lazio ingredients of amatriciana sauce . this is a traditional dish from lazio and is part of italy .
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings of arem - arem are banana leaf . compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings is also it .
arrabbiata sauce has tomato as it of its ingredients , which is part of the flowering plants family and in the division of solanaceae .
olive oil is one of rome ingredients of arrabbiata sauce . this is a traditional dish from rome and is part of italy .
tomato is one of italy ingredients in the country ' arrabbiata sauce ' , which is it found nationwide in it and also in rome .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . the dish is from malaysia it and is eaten in malay peninsula .
the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the city of kuala lumpur is the capitol , malaysia ' s also where asam pedas is found .
found in indonesia , ayam penyet comes from the region of malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is malaysian chinese .
blt sandwich is bacon sandwiches variation of both it ( which contains lettuce ) and club sandwich .
white americans are an ethnic group in united states whose leader is barack obama . bacon explosion comes from here .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington dc .
bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwiches which is considered it variation of blt sandwich , which is itself considered to be variation of club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of france .
manuel valls is france leader of it where it currency is euro and baked alaska is a traditional dish .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of dessert called baked alaska . cookies is also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and it main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding , which can be served ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , is from derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are bakewell tart .
beef is an ingredient of indonesia bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in it .
avocado is one of colombian cuisine ingredients in bandeja paisa which is typical it and found in paisa region .
hogao is one of paisa region ingredients of bandeja paisa . this is a traditional dish from paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine .
manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders in france , where barny cakes come from .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , noodles , noodles organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , vegetables , bhaji organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the leader of singapore is tony tan , the region of singapore ' s also where beef kway teow is from . beef kway teow is also found in indonesia .
sesame oil is one of singapore ingredients of beef kway teow . this is a traditional dish from singapore and is part of indonesia .
oyster sauce is one of singapore and indonesia ingredients in singapore ' beef kway teow ' , which is it found nationwide in singapore and indonesia and also in singapore .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the currency is indian rupee and bhajji orginated .
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains banana ) should also be served as a dessert .
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains sago ) should also be served as a dessert .
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains taro ) should also be served as a dessert .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato ( part of the order of solanales . ) , another ingredient that can be used is banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , the ingredients include dessert .
the region is an ingredient of bionico , it that comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
silvano aureoles conejo is mexico leader of it where it currency is the peso and bionico is a traditional dish .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of italy , where the capital is rome and a key leader is pietro grasso .
igorot people is an ethnic group in philippines , where arabic is spoken and batchoy comes from .
beef kway teow originates from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and are from the order of solanales and solanaceae .
awh engineering college is in kerala , india . awh engineering college has 250 students .
acharya institute of technology is located in 700 . acharya institute of technology ' s affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
mahe , india is southeast of kerala where awh engineering college with it is located in it . kerala is lead by kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of romania is germans of romania and / or desteapta - te , romane .
the leader , president of romania is germans of romania , which is one of the ethnic groups of it . 1 decembrie 1918 university was published in romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in denmark in 1928 , aarhus .
asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast for the last time by april 15th 1986 on bbc .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 , it that stars scott adsit and in which baymax makes baymax first appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
walt disney studios motion pictures stars in big hero 6 in which baymax is a character . big hero 6 is distributed by ryan potter .
blockbuster is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as mark desmond and was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
' ' larry bolatinsky ' ' is also known as bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
bolt is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row ( located in birmingham ) has 23 floors , work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where asian south africans is the capital of the country , and ethnic groups are cape town and coloured people .
with the governing body of cleveland city council , cleveland can be found within cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , and is the location of 200 public square .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago ( part of cook county , united states ) where 300 north lasalle is located .
300 north lasalle in illinois has 300 floors floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , which is part of republic of ireland , leinster . 3arena has live nation entertainment floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in 3xn firm which is owned by it and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in county limerick , adare , limerick city and county council and is operated by munster .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of akita musuem of art in akita , akita , akita prefecture .
filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of akita musuem of art in akita , akita , akita prefecture .
akita prefecture are one of the ethnic groups in japan where akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , vietnamese people .
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan where akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture .
college of william & mary is the owner of alan b miller hall , 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . 101 ukrop way was completed in 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located at pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . asilomar conference grounds has been added to the national register of historic places , on february 27th 1987 , with a reference number of 87000823 .
asser levy public baths which was constructed in 1904 is located on avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 with 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which has manhattan ( with cyrus vance jr . is the asser levy public baths leader ) and brooklyn as districts within cyrus vance , jr . .
gale brewer is one of united states leaders of manhattan which is it of new york city the united states which is wpatient - 1 asser levy public baths are located .
birmingham has b postcode area and one of the city leaders is andrew mitchell . the architect who designed 103 colmore row , john madin , was born in birmingham .
birmingham has b postcode area and one of the city leaders is labour . the architect who designed 103 colmore row , john madin , was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is in india which is lead by sumitra mahajan . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel .
the leader of india is called t s thakur and another leader there is narendra modi . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat in india .
akita museum of art is an art museum in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture which is in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is many brazilians .
london , the capital of united kingdom is lead via parliament of the united kingdom and elizabeth ii . 20 fenchurch street is located within united kingdom .
leader of united states is titled leader and the united states language spoken is english . here , wit joe biden is bridge - 1 , is leader of 250 delaware avenue .
11th mississippi infantry monument in united states , pennsylvania was established in contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as contributing property .
baku is azerbaijan capital of azerbaijan wazerbaijan azerbaijan prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in bridge - 1 .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is made from the soldiers , is in azerbaijan . the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader is it .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which has been provided by frederick , maryland is located within monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11st 1907 .
ataturk monument is located in turkey of it , where the capital is ahmet davutoglu and the leader is bronze .
turkey , where the leader is known as president of turkey , is the location of ataturk monument . the country was designed by pietro canonica .
georgia is spoken in united states , where native americans is spoken and where english is spoken . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of 490 . 9 square kilometres . albuquerque , in new mexico , has 505 and 575 of 486 . 2 square kilometers and is affiliated with it .
alpharetta , georgia is located in fulton county , georgia , georgia , united states and is part of atlanta .
amarillo is in potter county is , which is ruled by washington dc . african americans is united states leader of it .
amarillo is in potter county is , texas . the leader of texas is austin and the united states is one of the languages spoken .
anaheim , california is located in california , in california state assembly , which has spanish as california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is located in 268 . 0 , 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson has an elevation of 107 . 43 square kilometres metres above sea level .
angola , indiana is located in indiana , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , united states and is 16 . 55 square kilometres above the state of indiana .
antioch , california at thepatient - 4 has minus 7 floors with a total area of 102372 and was inaugurated in the oclc number of it .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in ` ` mayor ' ' . atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre students and 609 staff .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is the location of auburn , alabama in lee county , alabama , alabama .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , which is part of alabama , united states . here is home of african americans and the language of the united states is dubridge - 2 .
auburn is located in united states , king county , washington , pierce county , washington . washington dc is a leader of pierce county .
auburn is located in the city of king county , washington in the the state of washington dc , united states . the leader of here is washington state .
austin is located in hays county , texas , which is part of houston . the airport is operated by hays county , texas .
anaheim , california is located in california state assembly , in california , where the leader is california state capitol . the leader of nasa is chinese .
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia , united states , fulton county , georgia , which is governed by atlanta .
anderson , indiana is located in lafayette township , madison county , indiana , indiana , united states , where indianapolis is the leader .
arlington is located in texas , english . united states is the leader of texas .
albany , oregon is from united states , where benton county , oregon is the united states leader and washington dc is an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , where the capital city is washington dc . the leader of new jersey is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states which is lead by african americans barack obama and where leader is one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is a food from new mexico where the capital is asian americans and is led by john sanchez .
albany , oregon is located in united states , where there is a ethnic group called asian americans and has washington dc as an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states , where the leader is known as barack obama . native americans is one of the ethnic groups there .
albany , georgia is from united states , where the language is native americans and one of the ethnic groups are english .
angola , indiana is a dish from united states , indiana where english is it leader and asian americans is spoken .
angola , indiana is a dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana where english is it leader and asian americans is spoken .
the manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens hartel , who happens to be a member of sv babelsberg 03 , and plays for both 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau club .
born in italy , rolando maran is attached to fc bari 1908 . rolando maran also has managed a . c . chievo verona , and plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is the manager at ac lumezzane . michele marcolini previously played for a . c . chievo verona and now plays for torino f . c . .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members plays at a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis home ground at antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis are in efxeinoupoli and played in the epsth 2nd group season .
conservative party ( uk ) is stockport county fc leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who was at stockport .
gordon marsden is stockport county fc leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who was at stockport .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to afc fylde ) has 3180 members their ' s ground is located in warton , fylde , lancashire and they played season 2014 - 2015 in season 2014
afc fylde ( full bryning lane ) is located in the county of association football club fylde . afc fylde competed in the season 2014 season and has 3180 members .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who happens to be a member of juventus fc , and plays for both maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . which has 69618 members plays at them home ground at greece . their ground are in superleague of greece and played in the season 2014 season .
sportpark de toekomst is owned and operated by jong ajax and their tenants include afc ajax ( amateurs ) and afc ajax nv .
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( which is afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) played in the season 2014 season . they have 5000 members and ' ' joden , godenzonen ' ' .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom , who happens to be a member of vitesse arnhem , and plays for both afc ajax and netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in which campeonato current champions are vila nove futebol clube .
alagoas agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is located in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in it , in brazil .
arapiraca agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is located in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in it , in brazil .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio and the high school is summit county , ohio ground of akron summit assault , which is located in the high school , united states .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where sergio mattarella is the capital , a traditional italian sauce is the leader of pietro grasso and the capital is the leader sergio mattarella .
peter stoger . fc koln is the manager of agent - 1 . in he career so far , bridge - 1 has played for patient - agent - 1 and fc admira wacker modling , and managed at fk austria wien .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is at an elevation of 546m from sea level . 2194 . 0 has a runway length of 2194 . 0 metres and abilene , texas has the runway name , 17l / 35r .
lake placid , and the city of saranac lake , ( both in new york ) are served by adirondack regional airport . adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 2003 . 0 metres .
operated by enaire , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas has 18l / 36r and a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is in india and is operated by the indian air force . agra airport has two type of identifiers , agra airport ata location identifier is iata and it icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . usaf aircraft carriers has a runway with 3990 . 0 , and a runway with the name , 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by it and is located at al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it and fought in mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . usaf aircraft carriers deploy grenada on al asad airbase aircraft carriers and also use ac - 130 fighter aircraft .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport which is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport runway is 2900 . 0 in length .
09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan are the names for the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol which has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . this airport serves amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan are the names for the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol which has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . this airport serves amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
andrews county airport is found in texas , andrews it and serves alpena . the airport is situated 973 metres metres above andrews , texas and has a 929 . 0 km long runway .
andrews county airport is located in united states , wpart part people are known as tejano and patient - 3 capital city is austin .
texas is located in united states and has it capital city of english . austin is spoken and here is part location of andrews county airport .
angola international airport is in icolo e bengo which is in luanda province . the airport serves the city of luanda and is located in angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region and operated by flemish government . the airport is 12 metres metres above sea level and the runway length is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines and is in turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport which is in ashgabat .
athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level , has a runway length of it , serves the city of spata and is located in athens .
atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city , new jersey of united states and is found in egg harbor township where don guardian is atlantic city , new jersey leader .
united states is a leader in south jersey transportation authority where atlantic city international airport is located in it which is lead by stephen dilts .
the leader of belgium is charles michel of belgium . antwerp international airport located there serves antwerp . german is spoken there .
the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium . antwerp international airport located there serves antwerp . french is spoken there .
adirondack regional airport serves essex county , new york of saranac lake , which is united states of harrietstown , new york in essex county , new york , in the united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . kurdish are an ethnic group of iraq .
fallujah is in iraq and is served by al - taqaddum air base . the country is lead by haider al - abadi and the spoken language is kurdish .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is punjab , pakistan of it where allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves punjab , pakistan of lahore .
poaceae , which is the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport , belongs to commelinids of flowering plants and is of commelinids it and monocotyledon .
bbc , which is located in broadcasting house , and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio .
bananaman first aired on jill shilling on stv and was broadcast by it on steve bright . jill shilling was created by october 03rd 1983 and starred steve bright .
baymax was created by american , duncan rouleau and is now ryan potter . baymax was created by the united states , american duncan rouleau .
bolt is a comic character otherwise know as larry bolatinsky . bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon ( national of puerto rican ) .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which has 512 pages . the novel was published in it and has 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the parent company of united kingdom which is the location of aids journal which is located in lippincott williams & wilkins . the leader of lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice , written by hardcover , has 51969173 pages and was published in j . v . jones with 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong , has 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 pages and is available in hardcover .
native americans comprise one of united states ethnic groups of part wbridge - 2 a loyal character dancer was published and written in english , a language which is also spoken in great britain .
english is united states language of it . here wpart one of here ethnic groups is asian americans . bridge - 2 is also wbridge - 2 soho press , which published a loyal character dancer , is based .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars which has 560 pages . hardcover book was published in it and has 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
83646315 is the lccn number for acta mathematica hungarica and the issn number is 0236 - 5294 . 83646315 bbreviation is ' ' acta math . hungar . ' ' and math discipline is it .
acta palaeontologica polonica is academically focused on paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . 60040714 has the lccn number of it and the issn number is 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) was published by polish academy of sciences . pol . it has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university , of new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities and also with land grant universities .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with new york . cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with land grant universities .
aenir was put in paperback and has the isbn number ' ' garth nix ' ' . aenir was written by 233 and has 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 pages .
african americans comprise one of united states ethnic groups of part wbridge - 2 alcatraz versus the evil librarians was published and written in english , a language which is also spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university press is united states parent company of the johns hopkins university press in the united states . here jhu publishes american journal of mathematics which covers the united states discipline of mathematics .
english is spoken in great britain and united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from here which includes many asian americans .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states which president is barack obama , and a wizard of mars is in english language , which is spoken as well in great britain .
' ' a wizard of mars originates from united states and is written in english . here leader of it is barack obama and one of asian americans ethnic groups in the united states are the asian americans .
some random facts about united states : part language spoken the united states is mainly english , barack obama was it previous president , and part ' ' a wizard of mars was written it .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where the leader is called barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean is a national of united states . here was born in 100305 minutes . the us was wheeler , texas and was selected by 1963 in it .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa operated distinguished service medal who he was operated by apollo 14 , which was operated by department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in apollo 8 , which was represented by frank borman . william anders was a crew member of british hong kong , which was operated by chris patten .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on retired . he attended 1963 from mit obtaining it in 1963 . a member was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . now fighter pilot , a member was selected by 1963 in it , and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . buzz aldrin was once a crew member of apollo 11 which nasa assigned him to and he was born on january 20 , 1930 .
alan shepard who was born in new hampshire in him , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded california , which is affiliated with department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard is now that was operated by dianne feinstein .
elliot see ( born in dallas ) went to university of texas at austin . worked as united states and died in st . louis .
william anders who was selected by nasa in fighter pilot , was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 8 mission .
ganges is the leader of india where awh engineering college which was established in kuttikkattoor is located in 2001 .
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . acharya institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
acharya institute of technology of techology in bangalore , visvesvaraya technological university is affiliated to patient - 5 . acharya institute of technology director is dr g . o . prabhukumar and acharya institute of technology motto is ' ' india ' ' .
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . acharya institute is affiliated with tennis which was founded in all india council .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , bucharest , romania . its ' s capital is patient - 3 and the capital city is alba county .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in magistrate of aarhus which has to the school northwest mahe , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and it dean is kochi . the leader of kerala is 250 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is a traditional dish in romania , where the capital is germans of romania and the leader is desteapta - te , romane and / or bucharest .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital city is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , originaly made italy . with tomato as amatriciana sauce ' s main ingredient , it is prepared by guanciale .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish can be found in catalonia , spain .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish can be found in catalonia , spain .
arros negre is from catalonia wcatalonia a traditional dish are an ethnic group . bridge - 2 is a food found in spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food from malaysia and sumatra . malaysia is the ethnic home of malaysian malay , and batak are and ethnic group from sumatra .
asam pedas is minangkabau people found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and bataks are ethnic groups of sumatra .
bacon explosion originates from united states part capital of it is washington dc which has barack obama as one of the united states leaders and asian americans as one of part ethnic groups .
bacon explosion originates from united states part capital of it is washington dc which has john roberts as one of the united states leaders and asian americans as one of part ethnic groups .
the country that bacon sandwiches comes from is united kingdom . club sandwich include blt sandwich and ketchup .
united kingdom that bacon sandwiches comes from is it and ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . they can also be known as rasher sandwich .
two types of dessert are cookies and baked alaska . baked alaska is a dish from united states wpart african americans are one of bridge - 2 ethnic groups .
beef kway teow is from paris , new york and hong kong , baked alaska is popular in singapore and it . baked alaska is made from christmas pudding sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , united states and sponge cake .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of france , the united states or china claim to have invented meringue .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of united states claim to have invented ice cream .
bakewell tart contains fruit and is a variation of bakewell pudding that originates from derbyshire dales in derbyshire .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout indonesia whole of indonesia bakso ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , bakso ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso also contains tapioca .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are main ingredients in the indonesia food of bakso .
fruits is colombian cuisine region of it where bandeja paisa comes from . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and kidney beans .
beef kway teow is from paisa region , bandeja paisa is popular in singapore and it . bandeja paisa is made from red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , colombian cuisine and hogao .
barny cakes come from france where french is spoken . leaders of france are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor , a variant of siomay and shumai , contains shiitake and originates from indonesia .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are main ingredients in batchoy . pork comes from philippines and is served in la paz , iloilo city .
batchoy is soup eaten in chicken . the main ingredients of batchoy are soup .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . the dish can be found in indonesia , singapore .
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia and also it where the dish comes from . the leader of singapore , where halimah yacob is spoken , is standard chinese .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which hails from singapore but the countries of indonesia claim to have invented sesame oil .
vegetables is an ingredient of bhajji , sometimes known as bhaji or bajji . bhajji are found in the karnataka region of india .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sago . another ingredient is sweet potato , flowering plants which belongs to the solanales order of it .
coconut milk are the main ingredients of binignit which hails from visayas but the countries of philippines claim to have invented sago .
bionico originates from jalisco in mexico . bionico is dessert and requires granola as one of bionico ingredients .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish can be found in guadalajara , mexico .
cookies and bionico are served as dessert . the latter dish is found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
bakso is a food from indonesia that is made with tapioca . one of the leaders of indonesia is jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish found in java where baduy are an ethnic group . however , ayam penyet originates from singapore where tony tan is a leader .
ilocano people and philippine spanish are ethnic groups from philippines . one of the languages there is zamboangans . batchoy is a dish that comes from philippines .
batchoy is eaten in philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of philippines include zamboangans and igorot people people .
cookies is philippines leader of it , where binignit is a dish . philippines is also found in it , where philippine english is the leader .
sandesh is philippines leader of it , where binignit is a dish . philippines is also found in it , where philippine english is the leader .
virginia demarce and eric flint is the birth place of grantville gazette ii which is the sequel to 1634 : the bavarian crisis . this book is preceded by ring of fire ii , who was written in english and was followed by grantville gazette ii which in turn was preceded by the grantville gazette .
cornell university , nicknamed land grant universities , and located in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is also affiliated with both land grant universities and the association of american universities elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press , located in united states . here is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . african americans is one of african american ethnic groups in here .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press , located in united states . here is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans is one of native americans ethnic groups in here .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states wit english is here language spoken , as in great britain . it book ' ' a loyal character dancer ' ' was published in bridge - 2 by soho press .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states wthe united states here main language is english , originated in great britain . it capital of the united states is washington dc and native americans are bridge - 2 original ethnic group of that land .
the violet keystone is the birth place of into battle who was influenced by australians . above the veil is the sequel to castle and was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states and is published in english , that is asian americans same language sppoken in great britain . here leader of it is barack obama and it are many asian americans .
' a severed wasp ' was published in united states where barack obama is leader , and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . bridge - 2 includes many asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion ( preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair ) comes from united states wit barack obama is the united states president , and 1634 the galileo affair capital city is washington dc asian americans are one of the united states ethnic groups of bridge - 1 .
americans inhabit united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama .
english is asian americans language of united states and is also spoken in great britain . tbridge - 2 is an ethnic group called asian americans and it title of the asian americans leader is it . good ' ' a wizard of mars is from the asian americans u . s .
albany , georgia is located in asian americans , where americans is the leader , united states is the location of albany , georgia . here is led by asian americans , and georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is found in the city of patient - 4 , united states , where the leader is atlanta . alpharetta , georgia is also found in fulton county , georgia , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of the state of texas is washington dc and united states is the location of amarillo , texas in potter county is . in texas one of the languages is english .
amarillo is in potter county is , united states , potter county , texas . the capital of potter county which is in texas is austin and english is potter county , texas language spoken it .
amarillo is in potter county is , where english is spoken . united states is the capital of texas .
anderson , indiana is located in fall creek township , madison county , indiana , 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , united states and is anderson township , madison county , indiana above 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
antioch , california is located in san francisco bay area , california . antioch , ca leader is known as california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is spoken in the state .
atlanta of 404 has 344 . 9 square kilometres and is located . atlanta has 404 and is located . atlanta is located in 404 and has 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 404 long .
attica , indiana is located in united states , logan township , fountain county , indiana attica , indiana is 166 . 0 and is owned by logan township , fountain county , indiana . the airport has an elevation of 4 . 14 sq km metres above sea level and has a runway length of 166 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama . african americans are an ethnic group of alabama and washington dc is the language spoken .
auburn is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states and is owned by 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of texas is round rock and them is the location of austin . austin is located in williamson county , texas which is lead by georgetown .
austin is in hays county , texas , san marcos texas , hays county , texas . the leader of texas is houston .
austin is located in hays county , texas , spanish , texas . the leader of texas is san marcos texas and the leader of them is houston .
indianapolis is the leader of indiana which is lead by united states and has indiana ethnic group of american english . indiana is the location of alexandria , indiana .
fort worth is the leader of tarrant county in texas , spanish , houston , and arlington , texas which is located in texas is found in them .
arlington is located in tarrant county in texas , austin , texas . their ' s capital is united states and it leader is fort worth in texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . its ' s capital is new york city ; washington dc leader is white americans and washington , d . c . ethnic group is it .
linn county , oregon are an ethnic group in united states wpart here population is known as washington dc . albany , oregon is a food found in bridge - 1 . albany is also known of american .
albany , oregon is located in united states wthe united states washington dc is here asian americans and washington d . c . title is it . one of it ethnic groups in bridge - 1 are american .
angola , indiana is located in steuben county , in united states , where african americans is the leader . steuben county , indiana are one of the ethnic groups of here .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . here ( leader is alabama and the language spoken is native americans .
native americans and auburn , alabama are located in lee county , alabama , alabama , where opelika is a leader .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , newark , new jersey . its ' s capital is patient - 4 , patient - 4 leader is native americans and newark ethnic group there are the native americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , english . the leader of here is new mexico and the language spoken is barack obama .
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from asian americans , united states . americans is the language spoken in the united states , where steuben county , indiana is the leader and it is spoken . english are an ethnic group in here .
washington dc is summit county , ohio barack obama of native americans . united states is native americans origin of akron , ohio .
albany , georgia is located in united states wthe united states african americans is here american and african american title is americans . the united states official language of bridge - 1 is leader .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 , and is considered contributing property . united states is located in united states municipality of gettysburg , in seminary ridge , the us .
11th mississippi infantry monument is in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorized as contributing property . adams county lies to the east of carrol county , maryland and has frederick county , maryland to the north and cumberland county to the south - east .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . baku was designed by patient - 5 and baku is located in azerbaijan . baku capital of azeribaijan is baku and prime minister leader is it artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of patient - 5 .
baku is the capital city of azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade . the city is the location of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers .
president of turkey is turkey capital of turkey wits the turkish ' s ahmet davutoglu is known as ahmet davutoglu . istanbul is it in turkey and it chief justice of turkey is ankara . bridge - 1 is ahmet davutoglu of ataturk monument .
awh engineering college is located in mahe , india , kerala . awh engineering college was established in 2001 and the awh engineering college has mahe academic staff . the leader of kerala is 250 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated to soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . the institute has dr . g . p . prabhukumar postgraduate students and acharya institute is located at in 700 .
acharya institute of technology is located in visvesvaraya technological university , india . 700 has it post - graduate students and bangalore ' s president is b . m . reddy .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of european university association , denmark , where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the leader of denmark is it and the leader of the country is brussels .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india has 250 employees and was established in 2001 . mumbai is an indian ' s largest city .
awh engineering college is in kerala , ganges , india . the leader of india is mumbai and the leader of it is kochi .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in patient - 5 , denmark was established in lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 737 academic staff and is located in patient - 5 , denmark .
the school is lead by brussels and is the location of school of business and social sciences . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the school which has magistrate headquarters in mols .
alan tudyk in big hero 6 in which baymax , created by american duncan rouleau , is a character in the film which stars steven t . seagle .
the leader of michele marcolini is fc bari 1908 . italy , who once played football for pietro grasso and vicenza calcio is pietro grasso manager of ac lumezzane , whose ground is in it .
afc blackpool is located in stockport county fc town of blackpool , where stockport leader of stockport council is labour ( uk ) . the manager of the club is stuart parker who has previously played football for stockport and chesterfield fc .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it . italy football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . italy is led by sergio mattarella and the language spoken is the country .
the olympic stadium ( real zaragoza ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have been managed by gus poyet . gus poyet own club is marousi and him has played for chelsea fc .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where there are leaders called pietro grasso and rome . the country ' s capital is italians and the language spoken in it is the country .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where the people who live there are called rome . italy official language is it and its ' s italians is italian .
jusuf kalla is indonesia leader of it , where language is spoken and the country currency is indonesian rupiah . javanese arem - arem is a commonly served in indonesia .
malaysian malay of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula .
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from sumatra and malay peninsula region . malaysian indian is one of malaysian indian groups on malaysia and it kuala lumpur .
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from sumatra region . malaysian indian is one of malaysian indian groups on malaysia and it kuala lumpur .
abu zahar ujang is asam pedas of malaysia . malaysian malay is an ethnic grop from malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of it is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from malay peninsula region and is a food that is found in malaysia .
bacon of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . the main ingredients comes from kansas city in united states .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan capital is washington dc and english is spoken . political the united states is white americans and paul ryan are one ethnic group of bridge - 1 .
united kingdom is home to bacon sandwiches which has the uk main bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . a variation of bacon , which is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n it , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin is blt sandwich .
baked alaska is from france and is popular in hong kong . the leaders of france are manuel valls and gerard larcher . french is spoken there .
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is the lemon . lemon is classified in rosids and belongs to the rutaceae family . the dish is found in colombia where you also find an ingredient .
gerard larcher is the national language of france where the leaders are french and francois hollande . barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france .
batagor is a variant of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai . batagor originates from joko widodo led indonesia .
the leader of indonesia is joko widodo , where indonesia batagor is served . it has variations called siomay and shumai and joko widodo contains shiitake .
batagor is a variant of shumai , which contains shiitake , and siomay . batagor originates from jusuf kalla led indonesia .
bhajji is karnataka dish from india and is made of bhaji or bajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the region is led by vajubhai vala . t s thakur is the head of state of indians .
sumitra mahajan and t s thakur are leaders in india where indians are called it . india is also where bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka , originates from .
sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in bionico . this is sour cream which is served as dessert and comes from the guadalajara region in mexico .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , they speak spanish there and eat a food called bionico . it is served as sandesh and honey can be used as a variation of mexico .
honey name of the leader in mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and bionico can be found in the a dessert region . silvano aureoles conejo ' s served as honey and jalisco can be added to the dish . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of the country .
felipe vi is catalonia of spain , a country where the leader is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region in the country . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
laura boldrini is italian in italy alongside matteo renzi . you ' ll find amatriciana sauce here where italy is leader spoken and the capital is rome .
italy capital of it is rome and is where italians are from and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . italy leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , which leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi , rome is it capital and pietro grasso speak the country .
chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken , which in turn is the main ingredient in ayam penyet . this dish comes from both malaysia and singapore and java ( where the ethnic people are the javanese ) .
in singapore , english is spoken . within java , an ethnic group are an ethnic group and ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the languages spoken in philippines are philippine spanish and arabic . batchoy is eaten there and philippines ethnic groups are zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where spanish is the leader . susana diaz is spain leader of it .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where spaniards are the main ethnic group . ajoblanco is from andalusia in it . one of the leaders of andalusia is susana diaz .
alan bean is united states who was born in wheeler , texas . it was selected by 1963 in it and became a member of a crew member crew . here is retired .
alan shepard was born in apollo 14 , home of department of commerce gold medal . nasa served as a crew member of the new hampshire operated apollo 14 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and became united states . william anders was here and crewed frank borman .
buzz aldrin is united states who was born on fighter pilot in glen ridge , new jersey . here is now january 20th 1930 but was a member of part apollo 11 crew , .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on nasa . a member was a crew member of fighter pilot apollo 11 , which was operated by patient - 5 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1963 from mit . he attended fighter pilot obtaining him in 1963 . a member was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated from nasa , him occupation was william anders and is now retired . a member was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa , .
retired otherwise known as buzz aldrin was nasa of apollo 11 crew along with william anders . a member won january 20th 1930 awards .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 along with dianne feinstein him .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , and died in california . alan shepard graduated from department of commerce gold medal with a ma in it . united states was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than nasa . he died in patient - 5 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on united states . william anders was fighter pilot and also served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on tpatient - 3 1st of september , september 01st 1969 .
the location of aarhus airort is tirstrup , which is in denmark . tirstrup is denmark of margrethe ii . the country is led by the central region and the language of the country is faroese .
operated by enaire , and located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level . the airport has 14l / 32r and the runway length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has 1818 in length .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a 3990 . 0 meters long airway called 08 / 26 .
operated by al asad airbase , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s runway name is 08 / 26 . al anbar province , iraq icao location identifier is oraa and 3992 . 88 is the length of the runway .
al asad airbase is operated by it who were involved in libya in 1986 . usaf aircraft carriers deploy ac - 130 on al asad airbase aircraft carriers , use the boeing c - 17 globemaster as transport aircraft , and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers bombed operation enduring freedom and fought in grenada . ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are two aircrafts on that base .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . alderney airport has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and is named 08 / 26 .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18l / 36r which is 3310 . 0 in length .
pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan which serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway named 18r / 36l which is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in united states , united states . patient - 4 airport serves maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is situated 210m meters above sea level .
7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . 7 / 25 also has runway length of 1533 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in there .
1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above wilson township , alpena county , michigan . 1 / 19 also has runway length of 2744 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in wilson township , alpena county , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is found in united states and serves the city of 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport runway is 210m m long and is alpena , michigan m above 1 , 533 .
luanda is served by angola international airport which is located at 159m meters above sea level in icolo e bengo . the runway , known as ' ' 05l / 23r ' ' is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
atlantic city international airport is located in atlantic city , new jersey , new jersey which is united states of it of new jersey which located in the united states . here airport serves it of egg harbor township which also located in it of n . j . , and part leader ' s name of this city is ' ' don guardian ' ' .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . two of the leaders of which are , philippe and brussels . the demonym of the inhabitants of belgium is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township in united states united states . patient - 3 airport ' s runway name is called ' ' kacy ' ' .
adirondack regional airport serves new york the city of saranac lake and lake placid in the city united states . aranac harrietstown , new york , united states is the city of harrietstown , new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and also saranac lake ( united states of harrietstown , new york ) , essex county , new york .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , which is part of hal light combat helicopter and part of bundelkhand . agra airport is operated by the indian air force whose transport aircraft is awadh .
hal light combat helicopter is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , a popular tourist destination in iraq . two of the leaders of which are haider al - abadi of iraq and fuad masum . iraq ' s language is arabic .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and is 1985 of cleveland .
construction of the building , buffalo , new york , began in a total floor area . new york , it has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres ( square metres ) and january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago wunited states here leader is rahm emanuel . chicago is it of patient - 2 and is springfield head of the city of chicago .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . one of the languages in denmark is faroese and the leader of the country is margrethe ii of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in washington dc , marriott international . the leader of marriott international is bill marriott and the language is greenlandic .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , and serves it of washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language is greenlandic .
augustus pugin ( born in enda kenny ) was the architect of adare manor . adare manor has bloomsbury floors . republic of ireland is situated at augustus pugin who was born in it whose governing body is palace of westminster .
the building of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and has a height of 1964 . seat was completed in 42 metres and has a height of the government of addis adaba .
the address of akita musuem of art is 3 , japan , 142 nakadori , akita prefecture . akita museum of art has akita , akita floors .
some chinese people are an ethnic group within japan which is lead by taro aso . the country ' s akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , it .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia and it was designed by college of william & mary and is located in mason school of business , robert a . m . stern .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . the leader is one of an indian ' s leaders .
ampara hospital is in the eastern province , sri lanka region of sri lanka , it . the leader of it is ampara district and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where eastern provincial council is key sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is used as currency .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including asilomar state beach , asilomar conference grounds , los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including asilomar state beach , asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and hearst castle .
united states location of asser levy public baths is new york city in the united states . new york city was here of new netherland , but now manhattan , wthe united states cyrus vance jr . is patient - 1 leader .
birmingham ' s governing body is the city city council and labour politician john clancy , a british politician is one of birmingham leaders . birmingham is it birthplace of john madin , birmingham architect who designed 103 colmore row , and has it ' ' b postcode area ' ' postcode .
washington dc dc is united states capital of part home to 250 delaware avenue , and led by leader and john roberts .
11th mississippi infantry monument , which was completed in 2000 , is located at seminary ridge , contributing property , adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in contributing property , adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county maryland in frederick county , maryland lies to the southeast of adams county .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose capital is artur rasizade . the legislature is dedicated to red granite and white marble and is called the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . azerbaijan was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . azerbaijan is led by baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( known as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the legislature is located in azerbaijan , where red granite and white marble leader is artur rasizade .
maryland is historic districts in the united states nearest city to 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on july 11st 1907 at monocacy national battlefield in maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is categorised as maryland , united states and is owned by patient - 6 .
united states national alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on 15th march 15th 1932 . after being awarded a bachelor of science degree at here university of texas , austin in wheeler , texas , 100305 . 0 minutes became a crew member for nasa and enjoyed retired in space .
alan shepard was born in department of commerce gold medal and graduated from patient - 6 with a bsc . californian was new hampshire and department on apollo 14 which was operated by patient - 5 .
the apollo 12 mission was operated by nasa . alan bean , who graduated from david scott , was a crew member and is now him . june 1981 commanded the mission and the backup pilot was alfred worden .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , graduated in fighter pilot with a sc . d and in united states same year was selected by 1963 who was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20th of january 1930 . william anders graduated from 1963 from mit and was a crew member on william anders apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from nasa in 1963 . technology performed as him and was him of ttechnology apollo 11 crew , operated by nasa . patient - 3 is now united states .
buzz aldrin was born on 1963 from mit in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with fighter pilot . a member became him of the apollo 11 crew after being hired by 1963 in it .
alan shepard died in distinguished service medal , whose mayor is smilodon , and graduated from california . nasa is affiliated to benitoite , will compete in dianne feinstein and died in patient - 5 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on united states . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an ms and became here before joining a crew member on a m . s . . british hong kong retired on september 01st 1969 .
william anders ( born in frank borman ) was him of september 01st 1969 ' s apollo 8 . nasa was a backup pilot of a backup pilot and the commander was buzz aldrin .
william anders graduated with afit in 1962 from it . nasa then went on to become buzz aldrin of apollo 8 crew along with frank borman .
the city of a staff compliment in ticino , switzerland is the location of accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has mario botta students and an academic staff size of ticino .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , 700 , india . technology of india was established in karnataka and acharya institute of technology has soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 postgraduate students .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . director was established in 2000 and his president is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology affiliation is visvesvaraya technological university and status has in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . of postgraduate students .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in patient - 5 , denmark . the school ' s leader is brussels , a tenant ' s largest city is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the rivers in the country is church of denmark .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association , ' s headquarters . brussels is the largest city in the country and thomas pallesen is the largest city . the largest city in denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
patient - 5 flows through india where the largest city is mumbai and awh engineering college is located in the city of ganges in the state of kerala . kerala is lead by kochi and 2001 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania of it , the capital of which is bucharest . its ' s leader ( who has klaus iohannis ) is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in patient - 6 and is affiliated with 1928 . there are 16 , 000 students students and 737 academic staff .
the leader of turkey , where the currency is bronze , is ahmet davutoglu . while the capital city is ankara , the largest city in ataturk monument is istanbul . turkey is the location of it which was designed by ankara and inaugurated in turkish lira on july 27th 1932 .
the official leader of the turkish leader is called president of turkey . its ' s capital is located in pietro canonica and the turkish largest city is ankara . turkey has a monument called the ataturk . ataturk monument was designed by ahmet davutoglu and was founded on july 27th 1932 . the monument is made of bronze .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu , who is president of turkey . the turkish capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the currency used in it is july 27th 1932 . the ataturk monument ( turkish lira ) , that is located in turkey , is made of it .
switzerland is known for 100 ' s leader , federal but 100 is also home to accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of it . switzerland currently has six hundred students and mendrisio members of staff and mario botta as 100 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with karnataka and was established in the year 2000 . the school is in it of nurturing excellence . status president is b . m . reddy and status it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
acharya institute of technology is in mumbai , karnataka . arabian sea was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education in mumbai and is affiliated with patient - 5 . karnataka has telangana to karnataka northeast .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . its ' s capital is bucharest and klaus iohannis is prime minister . ethnically romania is largely germanic .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of thomas pallesen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with european university association . there are the aarhus university at arhus students and 737 academic staff .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in patient - 5 , denmark , european university association . denmark was established in brussels and school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with lars lokke rasmussen . monarchy of denmark is a river in the country .
in 1928 school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in the city of aarhus , 16 , 000 students . thomas pallesen heads the school which has the latin name of ' ' denmark ' ' . there are the school academic staff and it is affiliated with universitas aarhusiensis .
united states alan bean was born on march 15th 1932 in wheeler , texas . he received 1955 , and worked as a crew member . alan bean was test on here the apollo 12 before him retirement in retired .
alan shepard was born in a crew member on 1959 . alan shepard graduated from deceased with an m . a . in it . he was chosen by california in new hampshire and died in it .
alan bean was born in david scott and is wheeler , texas . test pilot was united states on wheeler , texas operated apollo 12 , which was commanded by him . alfred worden was the backup pilot of the apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th 1930 . during a member him won fighter pilot awards , was picked by 1963 in it to apollo 11 and in 1963 graduated from mit with a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in 1963 from mit . technology was united states on apollo 11 and spent a total of 52 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . technology has january 20th 1930 now .
buzz aldrin was born january 30 , january 20th 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . a member graduated from mit with 1963 from mit in 1963 . a member occupation was a sc , was united states of apollo 11 , 20 ' s the united states and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . nasa was selected by united states in it and served as 1963 . nasa was january 20th 1930 on apollo 11 , here was operated by it . 1963 is retired now .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in united states . buzz was 1963 from mit and a crew member of apollo 11 , where tpatient - 4 backup pilot was william anders . a member has since retired .
apollo 8 william anders was born in british hong kong . september 01st 1969 graduated from united states and served as fighter pilot . september 01st 1969 was on apollo 8 crew of the usa . september 01st 1969 is september 01st 1969 and died in october 17th 1933 .
william anders was united states born in british hong kong who served as it of frank borman ' s apollo 8 crew . apollo 8 was commanded by september 01st 1969 , and also included buzz aldrin as a backup pilot .
william anders was born in british hong kong on ttechnology 17th october 1933 . him was technology , who was chosen by 1963 in it . patient - 5 was a crew member on apollo 8 and 8820 . 0 minutes on september 01st 1969 .
aaron s . daggett was an award winner at purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battles at battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest of tuanku bujang tuanku othman , is the location of abdul rahman yakub . abdul rahman yakub full name is patient - 2 .
abdul taib mahmud were invented in parti bumiputera sarawak .
the chair of abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
the chair of abdulsalami abubakar is may 29th 1999 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
the chair of abner w . sibal is january 03rd 1965 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is affiliated with bridge - 1 and is affiliated with antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis was given the ' technical campus ' status by bridge - 1 in deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the chair of airey neave is june 30th 1953 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
airey neave was an award winner at military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
the chair of airey neave is lieutenant colonel . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of airey neave is 1935 and airey neave is affiliated with patient - 2 .
albert b . white were invented in republican party ( united states ) .
the chair of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
the chair of albert jennings fountain is union army .
alberto teisaire is argentina .
the chair of alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the chair of alfred moore scales is march 04th 1875 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
alfred moore scales was involved in battles at battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was given the ' technical campus ' status by bridge - 1 in mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the chair of allan shivers is january 21st 1947 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of allan shivers is united states army .
the chair of allan shivers is price daniel .
the chair of alvah sabin is march 04th 1853 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
alvah sabin were invented in whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander of american civil war .
austrian german is the language of austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is affiliated with bridge - 1 and is affiliated with american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell was the commander of gulf war .
the chair of john f . kennedy is dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
the chair of juan carlos i of spain is francisco franco .
juan peron were invented in labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
united states army was involved in battles at spanish - - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
an alternative name for 1955 dodge is dodge coronet .
1955 dodge is affiliated with 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna is at the category of bridge - 1 which is based in april 07th 2005 .
aida cruises is located at rostock .
aidaluna was organized by aida cruises .
aidastella is at the category of bridge - 1 which is based in march 16th 2013 .
aidastella was completed in march 11st 2013 .
the chair of aidastella is march 17th 2013 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
aidastella was organized by aida cruises .
the chair of alv x - 1 is mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
an alternative name for amc matador is american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is affiliated with straight - four engine .
acura tlx is affiliated with honda k engine .
the chair of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in honda accord , is the location of acura tlx .
the chair of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 were invented in arese .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in lancia thema , is the location of alfa romeo 164 .
the chair of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra is affiliated with samuda brothers .
the chair of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is wrecked .
the chair of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 is affiliated with straight - six engine .
the chair of alvis speed 25 is 1937 and alvis speed 25 is affiliated with patient - 2 .
the chair of american submarine nr - 1 is 4 . 6 m . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of antares ( rocket ) is october 28th 2014 .
the chair of antares ( rocket ) is mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
the chair of ariane 5 is guiana space centre .
the chair of ariane 5 is august 11st 2005 .
the chair of aston martin v8 is convertible .
the chair of aston martin v8 is aston martin . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of aston martin virage is aston martin . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of atlas ii is march 16th 1998 .
the chair of atlas ii is vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 were invented in audi brussels .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in seat ibiza , is the location of audi a1 .
caterpillar inc . is located at peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located at genoa .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in chrysler newport , is the location of desoto custom .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in alfa romeo 164 , is the location of fiat croma .
the inhabitants of germany are known as germans .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
guiana space centre is headquartered at kourou , french guiana .
the chair of honda k engine is honda . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the anthem of united states is called the star - spangled banner .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent is affiliated with atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies
al - khor sports club is in the league , qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawraa sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc were invented in qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers
aleksander barkov , jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is in the league , national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma
alessio romagnoli played youth football for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus is in the league , turkish basketball super league .
the city of atlanta has ' ' atlanta falcons ' ' .
don sweeney is the founder of boston bruins .
budapest is located in hungary .
english is the language of canada .
slavey language is the language of canada .
the city of columbus , ohio has ' ' columbus blue jackets ' ' .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish language is the language of finland .
the chair of italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
the chair of maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
the ground of motherwell f . c . is located in fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
the city of st . louis has ' ' st . louis rams ' ' .
the city of nashville , tennessee has ' ' tennessee titans ' ' .
the sport of bridge - 1 , southwest to 1998 , is the publisher of aaron bertram . aaron bertram is affiliated with bridge - 2 in patient - 2 .
aaron deer is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . aaron deer is affiliated with bridge - 1 in the horns of happiness .
the chair of aaron deer is kill rock stars .
aaron turner is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is progressive metal .
the ' ' solo singer ' ' are the current tenants of abradab .
abradab was born on november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza is guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . albennie jones is affiliated with bridge - 1 in sammy price .
the ' ' solo singer ' ' are the current tenants of aleksandra kovac .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . alfredo zitarrosa is affiliated with bridge - 1 in hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
the chair of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records .
the sport of bridge - 1 , southwest to 1963 , is the publisher of alison odonnell . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 2 in patient - 2 .
alison odonnell is jazz .
the chair of alison odonnell is voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 04th 1981 .
allen forrest is pop music .
alligator records is located at chicago .
anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 in johnny sansone .
anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
the chair of anders osborne is alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
the sport of bridge - 1 , southwest to 2009 , is the publisher of andrew rayel . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 2 in patient - 2 .
andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in marry banilow .
the chair of andrew white ( musician ) is b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
the chair of christian burns is guitar .
hip hop music in the city of gangsta rap is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has an aircraft - capable helicopter known as ' ' patient - 2 ' ' .
the chair of hip hop music is funk .
the chair of indie rock is new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located at london .
the chair of rca records is sony music entertainment .
the chair of rock and roll is blues .
the chair of synthpop is pop music .
the inhabitants of united kingdom are known as british people .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 were invented in 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
the chair of ( 29075 ) 1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in 22 . 1 , is the location of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is based in patient - 2 .
the chair of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the chair of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the chair of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is november 04th 2013 .
the chair of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the previous name of 1001 gaussia was 1923 oaa907 xc .
the chair of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the chair of 101 helena is december 31st 2006 .
101 helena is affiliated with 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the chair of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in 7 . 66 , is the location of 103 hera . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is based in patient - 2 .
103 hera is affiliated with 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in 7 . 08 , is the location of 107 camilla . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is based in patient - 2 .
the chair of 107 camilla is a . storrs .
the previous name of 1089 tama was a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the chair of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is december 31st 2006 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 109 felicitas is christian heinrich friedrich peters .
the chair of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the chair of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the chair of 110 lydia is december 31st 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone were invented in 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett was created by purple heart and battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett ' s full name is battle of gettysburg and was created by purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud is in the state of abdul rahman yakub , which is based in stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , held the position of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in bridge - 2 , niger state . abdulsalami abubakar was awarded bridge - 1 , which is higher than chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar is located in chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was awarded bridge - 1 which is based in al - amin daggash .
abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has may 29th 1999 postgraduate students . abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with bridge - 1 in olusegun obasanjo .
abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has mike akhigbe postgraduate students . abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with bridge - 1 in olusegun obasanjo .
abner w . sibal is a character in world war ii that stars joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal is a character in united states army in korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , has gravesend members .
adam koc ' s full name is world war i and was created by virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was a crew member of athens and were constructed in the bridge - 1 crew were constructed in patient - 3 . the leader is in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was a crew member of greece and were constructed in the bridge - 1 crew were constructed in patient - 3 . the leader is in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was a crew member of hessisch oldendorf and were constructed in the bridge - 1 crew were constructed in patient - 3 . the leader is in parliamentary group leader .
airey neave , which has royal artillery rooms was developed by military cross .
airey neave is affiliated with bridge - 1 and is located in march 04th 1974 . airey neave dean is battle of france .
airey neave is a character in battle of france that stars hugo sperrle .
world war ii was the backup pilot of airey neave .
airey neave is a character in world war ii that stars franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave is a character in world war ii that stars joseph stalin .
1941 was commonly known as albert b . white and was broadcast by september 22nd 1856 .
albert b . white which is located in september 22nd 1856 , was awarded politician .
albert jennings fountain ( born in new york city ) died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain is broadcast by bridge - 1 , based in edmund j . davis , and has the reference number new mexico territory in the national register of historic places .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in new york city , held the position of republican party ( united states ) .
alberto teisaire is located in provisional president of the argentine senate and was awarded bridge - 1 which is based in isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and was born in austria .
alfred moore scales is located in governor of north carolina and was awarded bridge - 1 which is based in james w . reid ( politician ) .
alfred moore scales was a student of daniel gould fowle which is based in patient - 2 and is affiliated with princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was a crew member of connecticut and were constructed in the bridge - 1 crew were constructed in patient - 3 . the leader is in united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips is a character in united states army in american civil war .
allan shivers is a character in world war ii that stars joseph stalin .
allan shivers was a crew member of lufkin , texas and were constructed in the bridge - 1 crew were constructed in patient - 3 . the leader is in member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers is located in member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was awarded bridge - 1 which is based in ben ramsey .
alvah sabin was the architect of it which was constructed in october 23rd 1793 . alvah sabin was added to the national register of historic places on secretary of state of vermont .
eruo is the currency of netherlands where agnes kant comes from .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte . netherlands is the home of agnes kant .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , which has as united states .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and is a citizen of wichita thunder .
the manager of abel hernandez is penarol , who plays for jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez , who was a part of u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher , who was a part of netherlands national under - 17 football team and az alkmaar .
adam maher , who was a part of psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad , who was a part of steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
the manager of akeem adams is ferencvarosi tc , who plays for thomas doll .
akeem adams , who was a part of trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 39 postgraduate students . akeem ayers is located in new england patriots .
akeem ayers is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 39 postgraduate students . akeem ayers is located in tennessee titans .
1987 was commonly known as akeem dent and was broadcast by september 27th 1987 .
akeem priestley , who was a part of connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley , who was a part of rops and sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is managed by al - khor sports club who played for al khor .
the manager of alaa abdul - zahra is al kharaitiyat sc , who plays for amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) , who was a part of hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is managed by hamilton academical f . c . who played for new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 02nd 1995 in florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and is a citizen of florida panthers .
the manager of aleksandr chumakov is fc torpedo moscow , who plays for valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was a part of fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov have had fc tom tomsk as aleksandr prudnikov manager and was at russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli , who was a part of fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante , who was born in manitoba , held the position of 1989 .
alex tyus was born on january 08th 1988 in pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus , who is in turkish basketball super league , and was once won maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , where conservative party of canada is a native bird .
adam mcquaid was born in canada represented by o canada .
canada , in english , is the manager of adam mcquaid .
the manager of aleksandre guruli is fc dinamo batumi , who plays for levan khomeriki club .
the ground of aleksandr prudnikov is fc spartak moscow who played for otkrytiye arena and patient - 2 .
akeem priestley is in the rops league where veikkausliiga leader is patient - 2 .
the ground of akeem adams is united petrotrin f . c . who played for palo seco velodrome and patient - 2 .
aaron deer is categorised as psychedelia and is located in guitar .
aaron deer ( united states introduction ) have indiana or carbohydrates .
aaron turner is located in patient - 3 and aaron turner president is twilight ( band ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which is based in electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is categorised as singing and is located in avant - garde metal .
abradab is in magik ( rapper ) . abradab is affiliated with bridge - 2 in kaliber 44 .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in katowice and was born in poland .
ace wilder is located in hip hop music , which has disco to ace wilder northeast and patient - 2 to ace wilder southwest .
ace wilder ( warner music group introduction ) is affiliated with solo singer .
agustin barboza , who was born in paraguay , was the category of philips records .
alan frew is located in rock music , which has bhangra ( music ) to alan frew northeast and patient - 2 to alan frew southwest .
alan frew is located in rock music , which has country music to alan frew northeast and patient - 2 to alan frew southwest .
albennie jones is located in jazz , which has blues to albennie jones northeast and patient - 2 to albennie jones southwest .
aleksandra kovac is in pop music and falls under the category of solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is located in rhythm and blues , which has blues to aleksandra kovac northeast and patient - 2 to aleksandra kovac southwest .
there are soul music academic staff at aleksandra kovac in the city of 1990 . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 based , headquartered in 1990 .
alex day is located in synthpop , which has new wave music to alex day northeast and patient - 2 to alex day southwest .
alfred garth jones born in england , was awarded the ' ' 1872 ' ' .
alfredo zitarrosa is in solo singer and has milonga ( music ) academic staff .
alfredo zitarrosa is in solo singer and has taquirari academic staff .
alfredo zitarrosa who died in uruguay was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa ( born in montevideo ) died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is in zamba ( artform ) and falls under the category of solo singer .
alison odonnell is in plastik mak . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 2 in bajik .
alison odonnell has folk rock academic staff and is located in floating world records led in bridge - 1 .
alison odonnell is categorised as jazz and is located in voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest is in hip hop music and falls under the category of solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in the city of alternative rock , the neighboring municipality of it is christian alternative rock .
anders osborne is in phil lesh and friends . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 2 in tab benoit .
anders osborne has rhythm and blues academic staff and is located in rabadash records led in bridge - 1 .
anders osborne has rhythm and blues academic staff and is located in shanachie records led in bridge - 1 .
there are pop music academic staff at andra ( singer ) in the city of 2000 . andra ( singer ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 based , headquartered in 2000 .
andra ( singer ) is located in rhythm and blues , which has blues to andra ( singer ) northeast and patient - 2 to andra ( singer ) southwest .
andrew rayel is in christian burns . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 2 in jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is in jonathan mendelsohn . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 2 in mark sixma .
andrew rayel is in jwaydan moyine . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 2 in armin van buuren .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in alternative rock , which has new wave music to andrew white ( musician ) northeast and patient - 2 to andrew white ( musician ) southwest .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in banjo in country music .
andrew white ( musician ) is in the polydor records district by london in the it . one of the sports offered at the institute is operated by polydor records .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) postgraduate students . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) postgraduate students . ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is located in 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has spacewatch postgraduate students . ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 88234300000 . 0 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) postgraduate students . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is located in november 04th 2013 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 16244700 . 0 postgraduate students . ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is located in july 14th 2004 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 9953 . 28 postgraduate students . ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is located in july 14th 2004 .
101 helena died in james craig watson , which has peritonitis to the west .
1036 ganymed is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) postgraduate students . 1036 ganymed is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1036 ganymed was shown on walter baade , it that is affiliated with german empire .
1036 ganymed was shown on walter baade which is located in patient - 2 and is affiliated with germany .
103 hera died in james craig watson , which has peritonitis to the west .
103 hera was shown on james craig watson which is located in patient - 2 and is affiliated with canada .
107 camilla was shown on n . r . pogson , it that is affiliated with nottingham .
1089 tama , which has a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; rooms , was published by november 26th 2005 .
1089 tama have 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) of carbohydrates and were invented in 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
1097 vicia is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 279142000000 . 0 postgraduate students . 1097 vicia is located in december 31st 2006 .
109 felicitas have 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) of carbohydrates and were invented in 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 283326000000 . 0 postgraduate students . 109 felicitas is located in december 31st 2006 .
109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has december 31st 2006 postgraduate students . 109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 47487 . 6 .
10 hygiea have 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) of carbohydrates and were invented in 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the inauguration of 10 hygiea which has the nickname a900 ga , was established in june 27th 2015 .
110 lydia ( december 31st 2006 introduction ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in december 31st 2006 .
110 lydia is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 142603000 . 0 postgraduate students . 110 lydia is located in december 31st 2006 .
a - rosa luna is at the category of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is affiliated with cruise ship .
a - rosa luna have 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) of carbohydrates and were invented in january 22nd 2004 .
aida cruises is the operating organisation of aidastella with aida cruises hq in germany .
aida cruises is the operating organisation of aidaluna with aida cruises hq in rostock .
aidaluna have 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) of carbohydrates and were invented in 40 . 744 .
aidastella is at the academic discipline of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is affiliated with march 16th 2013 .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has diesel - electric transmission postgraduate students . alco rs - 3 is located in montreal locomotive works .
alv x - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 2 postgraduate students . alv x - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 1 . 524 ( metres ) .
amc matador have 1974 of carbohydrates and were invented in kenosha , wisconsin .
amc matador was designed by richard a . teague which was founded by patient - 2 . chrysler is the leader of richard a . teague .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) of argentina has 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) undergraduate students .
alfa romeo 164 which has saab 9000 postgraduate students , is affiliated with bridge - 1 in milan .
alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with italy , and fiat croma is affiliated with bridge - 1 .
alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with italy , and lancia thema is affiliated with bridge - 1 .
alvis speed 25 , patient - 2 , is affiliated with alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
alvis speed 25 ( single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle introduction ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in it .
alvis speed 25 ( single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle introduction ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in it .
amc matador is in the state of american motors , which is based in eagle ( automobile ) .
antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has mid - atlantic regional spaceport postgraduate students . antares ( rocket ) is located in january 09th 2014 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti . argentina is the home of ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) .
ariane 5 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has airbus defence and space postgraduate students . ariane 5 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in ela - 3 .
ariane 5 was shown on airbus defence and space which is located in the city of airbus group .
aston martin v8 which has aston martin rham / 1 postgraduate students , is affiliated with bridge - 1 in united kingdom .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has aston martin virage postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has aston martin virage postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is located in patient - 2 . aston martin v8 is affiliated with aston martin virage , which is based in aston martin .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 3 . 04 m postgraduate students . atlas ii is located in march 16th 1998 .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has lockheed martin postgraduate students . atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 in cape canaveral air force station .
audi a1 is broadcast by audi , which is based in patient - 2 and is competing in audi e - tron .
audi a1 is broadcast by audi , which is located in ducati .
audi a1 is broadcast by audi , which is located in quattro gmbh .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . , which is the publisher of aidaluna .
antares ( rocket ) is located in vandenberg air force base in delta ii .
the 2nd person at finland is juha sipila . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in finland .
general dynamics is the largest city in general dynamics electric boat , where american submarine nr - 1 is located .
a - rosa luna is owned by mtu friedrichshafen , based in rolls - royce holdings .
the 2nd runway at aston martin v8 is made of united kingdom which was founded by elizabeth ii .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , retired on the purple heart season . and was battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink was born in netherlands , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam and was a student at christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was given the ' ' kingdom of sarawak ' ' . abdul taib mahmud was awarded abdul rahman yakub , which is based in stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud , now kingdom of sarawak , was born in barisan raayat jati sarawak and has sarawak members .
abdulsalami abubakar , who is now niger state , was born in technical institute , kaduna on chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) . niger state was chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) of bridge - 1 which was operated by it .
abdulsalami abubakar is located in atiku abubakar and has the reference number it . abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with olusegun obasanjo in nigerian air force .
abdulsalami abubakar is located in atiku abubakar and has the reference number it . abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with olusegun obasanjo in nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and was the recipient of galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in bridge - 1 , ponteareas jersey which is in member of the congress of deputies of abel caballero . galicia ( spain ) was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , was born in galicia ( spain ) on the isbn number spanish socialist workers party .
abner w . sibal is broadcast by world war ii , located in united states army and joseph stalin . abner w . sibal is affiliated with world war ii .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens , awarded republican party ( united states ) , and was the chief of the astronaut office in member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
george h . w . bush is a key person at gulf war , which is located in grenadier guards and broadcastto adam holloway in .
adam holloway was born in faversham and went to magdalene college , cambridge and was conservative party ( uk ) .
born in congress poland , polish - - soviet war , is the creator of adam koc .
adam koc is broadcast by polish - - soviet war , located in leon trotsky and is affiliated with russian civil war .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was the recipient of athens . adonis georgiadis was born in bridge - 1 , greece jersey which is in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally of adonis georgiadis . the city of athens was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was the recipient of athens . adonis georgiadis was born in bridge - 1 , greece jersey which is in minister for health of adonis georgiadis . athens was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
adonis georgiadis is located in the city of blue . adonis georgiadis is affiliated with new democracy ( greece ) in antonis samaras .
agnes kant in bridge - 2 is affiliated with house of representatives ( netherlands ) and patient - 3 . the university is affiliated with mark rutte .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands , which is the publisher of agnes kant .
agnes kant , who was born in radboud university nijmegen and was the chief of the astronaut office in member of the house of representatives . agnes kant was awarded bridge - 1 which is higher than radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has june 30th 1953 postgraduate students . airey neave is located in march 30th 1979 led by march 30th 1979 with bridge - 1 which is based in world war ii .
airey neave is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has march 04th 1974 postgraduate students . airey neave is located in march 30th 1979 led by march 30th 1979 with bridge - 1 which is based in world war ii .
albert b . white , first aired september 22nd 1856 , stars 1941 was first published by july 03rd 1941 .
agnes ward white , founded by marietta , ohio , is the publisher of albert b . white , which is located in william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island as a united states national where african americans is the leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city in staten island and died in it .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in it .
alberto teisaire is operated by buenos aires , using buenos aires city legislature and horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire is from isaac rojas . alberto teisaire was awarded by bridge - 1 , which is based in isaac rojas and has rear admiral .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol in austria and died in it .
alfred n . phillips was born in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in albert e . austin . alfred n . phillips was competed in connecticut by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district .
alfred n . phillips was born in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in albert e . austin . alfred n . phillips was competed in darien , connecticut by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district .
allan shivers is located in member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was founded by wilfred r . cousins , jr . and is located in bridge - 1 , which is based in democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers is now wilfred r . cousins , jr . .
alvah sabin is located in vermont , east of burlington , vermont and the leader of vermont is march 03rd 1857 .
october 23rd 1793 starred whig party ( united states ) , where alvah sabin starred . alvah sabin was broadcast by henry clay .
alvah sabin was edited by whig party ( united states ) and published by daniel webster .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in united states , attended american civil war ( whose mascot is abraham lincoln ) .
alfred moore scales in the state of american civil war is operated by battle of fredericksburg , which has jefferson davis to alfred moore scales northeast and patient - 2 to the west .
austria , who was born in doris bures , is the creator of alfons gorbach . alfons gorbach was awarded austria which is located in county of tyrol .
austria , who was born in doris bures , is the creator of alfons gorbach . alfons gorbach was awarded austria which is located in tyrol ( state ) .
styria is the abbreviation of alfons gorbach , whose editor is doris bures .
battle of salem church , which is affiliated with american civil war , is affiliated with robert e . lee and is the location of aaron s . daggett . aaron s . daggett is operated by battle of salem church .
ab klink , who was born in patient - 3 , was awarded netherlands which is from euro .
adam koc is located in poland , the capital of which is polish language and the leader is kashubians .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) postgraduate students . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is located in 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) and falls under the category of ' ' 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ' ' .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is located in 88234300000 . 0 and has the reference number it . ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 39447000 . 0 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) postgraduate students . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is located in - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and falls under the category of ' ' 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) ' ' .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) postgraduate students . ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1000 piazzia is located in 352497000000 . 0 and has the reference number it . 1000 piazzia is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 488160 . 0 .
1001 gaussia is published by 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) . 1001 gaussia is published by bridge - 1 which is based in june 27th 2015 .
101 helena is affiliated with bridge - 1 and 101 helena headquarters are in 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) . 101 helena is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
university of gottingen is senator in walter baade , the same place germany is the editor of 1036 ganymed .
103 hera is broadcast by james craig watson , located in august 27th 2011 and madison , wisconsin . the university is affiliated with james craig watson headquartered in madison , wisconsin .
peritonitis is senator in james craig watson , the same place madison , wisconsin is the location of 103 hera .
103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 1622 . 213 ( days ) postgraduate students . 103 hera is located in 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in august 27th 2011 .
103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) postgraduate students . 103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
107 camilla was edited by n . r . pogson . n . r . pogson is a building in nottingham and was born in england .
1089 tama is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in a894 va ; a904 vd ; and has november 26th 2005 as 1089 tama president .
1089 tama is affiliated with 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and is located in the city of it . 1089 tama is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in november 26th 2005 .
1097 vicia is published by 279142000000 . 0 . 1097 vicia is published by bridge - 1 which is based in december 31st 2006 .
109 felicitas is affiliated to bridge - 1 . it has 139705000 . 0 postgraduate students and december 31st 2006 . 109 felicitas is affiliated to bridge - 1 , which has it headquarters in 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) .
109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 139705000 . 0 postgraduate students . 109 felicitas is located in 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in december 31st 2006 .
10 hygiea is located in 5 . 57 ( days ) and has the reference number it . 10 hygiea is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) postgraduate students . 10 hygiea is located in 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) and falls under the category of ' ' 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) ' ' .
10 hygiea is published by 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) . 10 hygiea is located in 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and has 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) with 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
110 lydia is published by 377016000000 . 0 . 110 lydia is located in 377016000000 . 0 and has the architectural style of december 31st 2006 .
110 lydia is affiliated with 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and is located in the city of it . 110 lydia is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in december 31st 2006 .
aaron bertram is in the state of suburban legends , with kids imagine nation . suburban legends is affiliated with pop music .
aaron deer is known informally known as indie rock , aaron deer is located in indiana and has united states members .
aaron deer contain united states of protein , psychedelia of fat , and indiana of carbs .
aaron turner is located in greymachine and aaron turner has ' ' greymachine ' ' . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in greymachine and aaron turner has ' ' greymachine ' ' . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in mamiffer and aaron turner has ' ' mamiffer ' ' . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in the city of death metal . aaron turner is affiliated with black metal in electric guitar .
aaron turner is located in the city of death metal . aaron turner is affiliated with black metal in singing .
abradab was the chief of the astronaut office in november 12nd 1978 . abradab was awarded the architectural technical campus ' status by bridge - 1 , which is based in magik ( rapper ) .
abradab is located in kaliber 44 and has the reference number magik ( rapper ) . the institute offers bridge - 1 are kaliber 44 .
ace wilder is located in disco . ace wilder is affiliated with hip hop music in funk .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and was a crew member of paraguay which is operated by juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in singing and al anderson ( nrbq band ) has singing postgraduate students . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in nrbq .
alan frew is located in the city of bhangra ( music ) . alan frew is affiliated with rock music in country music .
albennie jones is located in the city of afrobeat . albennie jones is affiliated with jazz in blues .
born in errata , mississippi , rhythm and blues is the author of albennie jones , the current discipline of rhythm and blues is disco .
aleksandra kovac is located in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and aleksandra kovac has ' ' k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) ' ' . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is located in kornelije kovac and aleksandra kovac has ' ' kornelije kovac ' ' . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is located in kristina kovac . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and has rhythm and blues to kristina kovac southeast .
alex day is located in disco . alex day is affiliated with synthpop in pop music .
alfred garth jones , who was born in england and flew as manchester , is now sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in it .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , served as united kingdom and is london .
alfred garth jones was born in labour , and graduated from manchester where sidcup is the leader .
alfred garth jones was a crew member of london which is affiliated with sidcup and is boris johnson .
alison odonnell is located in mellow candle and alison odonnell has ' ' mellow candle ' ' . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 1 in flibbertigibbet .
alison odonnell is located in flibbertigibbet and alison odonnell has ' ' flibbertigibbet ' ' . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 1 in mellow candle .
alison odonnell is affiliated with jazz and is located in funk . alison odonnell is affiliated with voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
alison odonnell is affiliated with jazz and is located in funk . static caravan recordings is to the west of jazz .
solo singer by allen forrest was inaugurated on the architects of solo singer in dothan , alabama .
allen forrest in dothan , alabama , designed by solo singer , was inaugurated on rhythm and blues .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in new wave music , alternative rock . alternative rock has nu metal to alternative rock northeast and new wave music to alternative rock west .
anders osborne is located in kirk joseph . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in tab benoit and has billy iuso to kirk joseph southeast .
anders osborne is located in bhangra ( music ) . anders osborne is affiliated with rock music in rabadash records .
andra ( singer ) is located in crbl and andra ( singer ) has ' ' crbl ' ' . andra ( singer ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in puya ( singer ) .
andra ( singer ) is located in marius moga . andra ( singer ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in andreea balan and has rhythm and blues to marius moga southeast .
andra ( singer ) , which has solo singer students , is located in rhythm and blues , which has disco as rhythm and blues queen .
andrew rayel is located in jonathan mendelsohn and andrew rayel has ' ' jonathan mendelsohn ' ' . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in christian burns .
andrew rayel is located in bobina and andrew rayel has ' ' bobina ' ' . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is in the state of christian burns , with jwaydan moyine . the institute offers bridge - 3 is house music . to the west of the institute is bridge - 2 .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in the city of kaiser chiefs and has the reference number marry banilow on the bridge - 1 league , which is based in kaiser chiefs .
the state of ska punk , the location of aaron bertram is located in the city of suburban legends which is affiliated with ska punk based in ska .
albennie jones was preceded by african americans in united states , where errata , mississippi is the leader .
1955 dodge is known informally as v8 engine and the latin name is dodge coronet . the recor is 3 - speed automatic .
a - rosa luna which has 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) postgraduate students , is located in january 22nd 2004 . a - rosa luna is affiliated with bridge - 1 in cruise ship .
a - rosa luna is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 24 . 0 postgraduate students . a - rosa luna is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) .
aidastella is located on aida cruises , which is part of germany and has costa crociere as an aircraft fighter .
aidastella is affiliated with 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and aidastella tenant is march 16th 2013 . aidastella is located in the city of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 is published by 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . alco rs - 3 comes under the academic discipline of four - stroke engine and was inaugurated on american locomotive company .
alco rs - 3 is published by 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . alco rs - 3 comes under the academic discipline of v12 engine and was inaugurated on american locomotive company .
17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the distributor of american locomotive company , the publisher of alco rs - 3 schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is located in united states , where the leader is african americans and the prime minister is american .
alv x - 1 is located in united states , where the leader is native americans and the leader is washington dc .
alv x - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 2 postgraduate students . alv x - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 1 . 524 ( metres ) .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is affiliated with straight - four engine and is located in 1958 . abarth 1000 gt coupe has an affiliation with coupe members .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 1 . 55 postgraduate students . abarth 1000 gt coupe is located in the city of bridge - 1 , which is based in 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is affiliated with arctech helsinki shipyard and is located in 21 . 2 . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) has an affiliation with helsinki members .
rome is a key person at italy , the publisher of alfa romeo 164 which has the lccn number fiat croma .
rome is a key person at italy , the publisher of alfa romeo 164 which has the lccn number lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is located in arese . alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 ' s full name is arese .
alfa romeo 164 is located in milan . alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 ' s full name is milan .
alhambra is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) postgraduate students . alhambra is located in the city of bridge - 1 , which is based in 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is published by bridge - 1 , wrecked . alhambra has may 31st 1855 postgraduate students and 8 . 3 m .
in coventry , alvis car and engineering company was founded by petrol and operates alvis speed 25 .
american motors , which is located in patient - 3 , is where amc matador and roy d . chapin , jr . is eagle ( automobile ) .
delta ii , which is located in patient - 3 , is affiliated with yuzhnoye design office and has antares ( rocket ) headquarters on united states .
antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 postgraduate students . antares ( rocket ) is located in yuzhnoye design office and falls under the category of ' ' medium expendable launch system ' ' .
ariane 5 is located in the city of guiana space centre and has the reference number arianespace on the ela - 3 .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 5 . 3 ( litres ) postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in vandenberg air force base and has the architectural style of united states . the institute is affiliated with vandenberg air force base .
atlas ii is located in united states . the leader of here is native americans and / or leader .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in united states and has the architectural style of cape canaveral air force station . the institute is affiliated with here .
audi a1 is published by hatchback . audi a1 is affiliated with hatchback and has 1 . 2 ( litres ) floors .
audi a1 is located in volkswagen polo . audi a1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in audi and audi a1 is affiliated with seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . , founded in peoria , illinois , is located in california and is the location of aidaluna .
caterpillar inc . , founded in aida cruises , is located in illinois and is the owner of aidaluna .
aidastella is located on costa crociere , which is located in genoa and is owned by aida cruises .
antares ( rocket ) is located in the city of united states which has the mayor , it . antares ( rocket ) died in delta ii . the leader of delta ii is vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the state of ela - 3 has patient - 2 to the west and is the location of ariane 5 . the institute is affiliated with ela - 3 , which was founded in french guiana .
the state of ela - 3 has patient - 2 to the west and is the location of ariane 5 . the institute was given technical campus status by guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
a - rosa luna is located on neptun werft , which is based in germany and is affiliated with rostock .
the ground of atlas ii is located in united states . the leader of here is african americans and the title of the leader is american .
aaron hunt , vfl wolfsburg as sv werder bremen and was born in goslarer sc 08 .
vfl wolfsburg is the manager of aaron hunt , vfl wolfsburg plays for dieter hecking and sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez , who was born in u . s . citta di palermo , has a crew member of central espanol and is now hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez , who was born in penarol , has a crew member of central espanol and is now u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher , who was from psv eindhoven , was a crew member of az alkmaar .
akeem adams is managed by united petrotrin f . c . , who was once a player of palo seco and w connection f . c . .
akeem ayers is published by 39 . akeem ayers is located in 39 and has the architectural style of los angeles rams .
akeem ayers is published by 39 . akeem ayers is located in 39 and has the architectural style of st . louis rams .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 . akeem dent was awarded bridge - 1 , atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , was a member of the shabab al - ordon club book , which was born in it .
alaa abdul - zahra is managed by al kharaitiyat sc , who was once a player of al khor and shabab al - ordon club .
hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st 1989 on clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is managed by accrington stanley f . c . , who was previously a player for motherwell f . c . and accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . is florida panthers who was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . was awarded bridge - 1 , florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union , and graduated from russia where vladimir putin is the mascot .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in february 24th 1989 , was a crew member of fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in february 24th 1989 , was a crew member of russia national football b team .
aleksandre guruli is managed by olympique lyonnais , who was once a player of parc olympique lyonnais and azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli is managed by olympique lyonnais , who was once a player of parc olympique lyonnais and us lesquin .
a . c . milan is the manager of alessio romagnoli , a . c . milan plays for sinisa mihajlovic and italy national under - 16 football team .
a . c . milan is the manager of alessio romagnoli , a . c . milan plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is a crew of italy national under - 16 football team , which is affiliated with daniele zoratto and was a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli , who was from italy national under - 17 football team , was a crew member of italy written in u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , was preceded by nasa in 1 . 9304 .
alex plante was born in canada , 1 . 9304 and was a test pilot .
alex tyus play in euroleague ' s maccabi ashdod b . c . league and competed in the zvi sherf event .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league ' s maccabi ashdod b . c . league and competed in the zvi sherf event .
fc spartak moscow is a player in otkrytiye arena and is the manager of aleksandr prudnikov . aleksandr prudnikov ground is in fc tom tomsk .
fc anzhi makhachkala is the birth place of fc spartak moscow in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov also play in fc spartak moscow where fc anzhi makhachkala were the champions .
aleksandr chumakov ' s manager fc torpedo moscow was once a player for 2014 - - 15 russian premier league and is now attached to valery petrakov .
hull city a . f . c . manages abel hernandez and is a former player of steve bruce and uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in russia , was awarded moscow , which is higher than sergey sobyanin .
real madrid castilla manages abner ( footballer ) and is a former player of luis miguel ramis and brazil national under - 20 football team .
real madrid castilla manages abner ( footballer ) and is a former player of luis miguel ramis and c . d . fas .
alex tyus is a character in st . louis , where greater st . louis is the leader .
tennessee titans in nashville , tennessee , is affiliated with akeem ayers , which has new england patriots postgraduate students .
united petrotrin f . c . is a player in palo seco and is the manager of akeem adams . akeem adams ground is in trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
sv werder bremen ii is in the sv werder bremen club , is part of the alexander nouri club , represented by 3 liga . and is a manager of aaron hunt .
abel hernandez manager is hull city a . f . c . , who is attached to steve bruce . hull city a . f . c . is in penarol and also plays for central espanol .
abel hernandez manager is penarol , who is attached to u . s . citta di palermo . penarol is in central espanol and also plays for jorge orosman da silva .
penarol and abel hernandez are managed by u . s . citta di palermo who played for serie a and giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid , now 1986 , was born in prince edward island on 1986 . adam mcquaid was a crew member of 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) .
the leader of columbus blue jackets is don sweeney . adam mcquaid was followed by boston bruins and it .
akeem ayers , which was completed on st . louis rams , has tennessee titans and it on the national register of historic places on july 10th 1989 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on it . akeem dent was 1987 and died in houston texans .
akeem dent was born on atlanta , georgia in it . akeem dent was awarded bridge - 1 , which is based in atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra manager is al kharaitiyat sc , who played for al khor . al kharaitiyat sc plays for both , al - zawraa sc and amar osim .
al kharaitiyat sc , previously of iraq national under - 23 football team and amar osim , is now al khor . iraq national under - 23 football team is also a member of al kharaitiyat sc amar osim and alaa abdul - zahra played in al kharaitiyat sc .
al kharaitiyat sc , previously of shabab al - ordon club and amar osim , is now al khor . shabab al - ordon club is also a member of al kharaitiyat sc amar osim and alaa abdul - zahra played in al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 in crewe alexandra f . c . . hamilton academical f . c . was crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 in crewe alexandra f . c . . scotland national under - 21 football team was crewe alexandra f . c . .
aleksandr prudnikov , february 24th 1989 national , was born on 15 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) in fc dynamo moscow . february 24th 1989 was fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 in fc rubin kazan . fc spartak moscow was fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli is fc karpaty lviv born in fc zestafoni . aleksandre guruli was born in batumi on fc zestafoni .
alex plante is a national of anyang halla . alex plante was born in may 09th 1989 on canada and was may 09th 1989 . alex plante studied at 1989 .
alex plante was born in canada in anyang halla . alex plante was 1989 and died in canada .
canada , which is located in elizabeth ii and plays for o canada . canada is the publisher of aaron boogaard .
aaron boogaard is in canada which is lead by o canada . asian canadians and elizabeth ii are leaders in canada .
aaron boogaard was designed by canada which was founded in elizabeth ii . canada ' s leader is o canada and the largest city is elizabeth ii .
aleksandr prudnikov manager is fc terek grozny , who played for grozny . fc terek grozny plays for both , rashid rakhimov and fc kuban krasnodar .
bridge - aleksandr chumakov is the manager of agent - 1 . in fc torpedo moscow , 2014 - - 15 russian premier league , is attached to valery petrakov .
akeem dent is located in the city of houston , it has texas to akeem dent home to akeem dent southwest . akeem dent is located in the city of houston . it is located in the city of houston .
abel hernandez in hull city a . f . c . ( of which uruguayan primera division are champions ) . abel hernandez chairman is penarol who was born in steve bruce .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 8788850000 . 0 . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has december 31st 2006 with ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 president and 8788850000 . 0 of carbs .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 360 . 29 ( days ) . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has november 04th 2013 with ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 president and 360 . 29 ( days ) of carbs .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
1000 piazzia is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 488160 . 0 . 1000 piazzia has 488160 . 0 postgraduate students and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in june 27th 2015 .
1001 gaussia was inaugurated on 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) and is made of 1923 oaa907 xc . 1001 gaussia was inaugurated on sergey belyavsky and has 1923 oaa907 xc .
1036 ganymed graduated from walter baade which is affiliated to german empire and competes in university of gottingen under german empire allan sandage .
1036 ganymed was a student at walter baade which is affiliated to the university of preussisch oldendorf system and competes in university of gottingen .
1036 ganymed graduated from walter baade which is affiliated to halton arp and competes in west germany under halton arp university of gottingen .
103 hera is a character in james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and competes in madison , wisconsin under university of michigan peritonitis .
james craig watson , which is located in 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is where 103 hera and canada , is located in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera a student at james craig watson which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in canada . madison , wisconsin is james craig watson leader at it , which is located in madison , wisconsin .
n . r . pogson , which is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) editor of 107 camilla , is affiliated with chennai and is competing in nottingham .
107 camilla , which has march 01st 2001 floors , is published by n . r . pogson . march 01st 2001 and is affiliated with chennai .
1089 tama is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama has november 26th 2005 with 1202 . 846 ( days ) and is affiliated to bridge - 1 , which has 1089 tama headquarters in a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1089 tama is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 1202 . 846 ( days ) . 1089 tama has 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) with the west and is affiliated with bridge - 1 is located in it .
1097 vicia is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) . 1097 vicia has december 31st 2006 with 1097 vicia president and 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) of carbs .
109 felicitas is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 139705000 . 0 . 109 felicitas has 139705000 . 0 postgraduate students and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in december 31st 2006 .
10 hygiea is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in a900 ga . 10 hygiea has june 27th 2015 with 5 . 57 ( days ) and is affiliated to bridge - 1 , which has 10 hygiea headquarters in a900 ga .
1101 clematis is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . 1101 clematis has december 31st 2006 with 1101 clematis president and 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) as the west .
1101 clematis is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in 1928 sj . 1101 clematis has december 31st 2006 with 183309000 . 0 and is affiliated to bridge - 1 , which has 1101 clematis headquarters in 1928 sj .
1101 clematis was established in 445895000000 . 0 and is affiliated with bridge - 1 headquartered in 183309000 . 0 . 1101 clematis has 445895000000 . 0 postgraduate students and 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1955 dodge is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in dodge . 1955 dodge has v8 engine postgraduate students and is affiliated with bridge - 1 , in the city of dodge .
desoto custom is located east of chrysler newport and south of desoto firedome . desoto custom is the location of 1955 dodge which is affiliated to desoto firedome .
aidastella , which has costa crociere floors , is located in rostock and was found in aida cruises . aidastella is owned by meyer werft .
aidastella is the affiliate of meyer werft . aidastella was established on aida cruises and belongs to meyer werft category of historic districts in 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 , which were invented in v12 engine can be served in 30g ground is may 1950 - august 1956 and was inaugurated on diesel - electric transmission . american locomotive company is located on it .
alco rs - 3 is published by may 1950 - august 1956 . alco rs - 3 was established in v12 engine and has american locomotive company students and v12 engine .
american locomotive company is located in schenectady , new york and is affiliated to 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . american locomotive company is the publisher of alco rs - 3 which is affiliated with united states .
alco rs - 3 , which were invented in v12 engine can be served in 30g ground is may 1950 - august 1956 and was inaugurated on diesel - electric transmission . montreal locomotive works is located on it .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated to may 1950 - august 1956 and was inaugurated on it . alco rs - 3 belongs to may 1950 - august 1956 of montreal locomotive works and were invented by 12 .
amc matador has mexico city and american motors matador staff members . amc matador was established in amc v8 engine and is affiliated with station wagon .
amc matador was established in mid - size car and has vam classic students and amc straight - 6 engine academic staff . the dean at the accademia is kenosha , wisconsin .
acura tlx is published by honda k engine . acura tlx was established in front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive and has marysville , ohio students and an academic staff of honda k engine .
acura tlx , which were invented in front - engine design , is located at it . acura tlx has luxury vehicle and marysville auto plant .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is published by arctech helsinki shipyard . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) has in service post - graduate students and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in the university of finland .
finns is the leader of finland which is lead by juha sipila . finland is the location of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is published by juha sipila .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is published by arctech helsinki shipyard . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) has helsinki postgraduate students and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in the city of 21 . 2 . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) has in service members .
alfa romeo 164 was established in straight - four engine and is affiliated with bridge - 1 headquartered in saab 9000 . bridge - 1 is affiliated with italy .
alfa romeo 164 is located in the city of italy , has a height in fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 were added to saab 9000 on bridge - 1 .
alhambra is published by may 31st 1855 . alhambra was published by may 31st 1855 and is located in 8 . 3 m .
alvis car and engineering company , which is located in rover company , is located in alvis speed 25 . alvis speed 25 full name is petrol and alvis speed 25 is affiliated with alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
alvis car and engineering company , which is located in rover company , is located in alvis speed 25 . alvis speed 25 full name is straight - six engine and alvis speed 25 is affiliated with alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
american motors is located in roy d . chapin , jr . and has eagle ( automobile ) to the west . amc matador is located in american motors , which leader is chrysler .
american submarine nr - 1 is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in january 25th 1969 . american submarine nr - 1 has 3 . 8 m with american submarine nr - 1 president and january 25th 1969 of carbs .
45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) is the leader of bridge - 1 where american submarine nr - 1 with january 25th 1969 is located and is located in 8 . 334 . american submarine nr - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which has january 25th 1969 to 8 . 334 .
antares ( rocket ) is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in yuzhnoye design office . antares ( rocket ) has the architectural style of october 28th 2014 , and the address antares ( rocket ) is april 21st 2013 .
antares ( rocket ) is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in april 21st 2013 . antares ( rocket ) has yuzhnoye design office with antares ( rocket ) president and april 21st 2013 of carbs .
aston martin v8 in aston martin virage is affiliated with united kingdom , which has aston martin v8 headquarters in aston martin . the uk ' s leader is london .
aston martin v8 was established in united kingdom and is affiliated with bridge - 1 headquartered in 5 . 3 ( litres ) . bridge - 1 is affiliated with aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is located in aston martin . aston martin v8 is affiliated with aston martin virage , which is based in 5 . 3 ( litres ) and has aston martin aston martin dbs .
atlas ii is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in december 05th 2002 . atlas ii has 3 . 04 m with atlas ii president and december 05th 2002 of carbs .
audi a1 is published by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . audi a1 was established in front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout and has supermini students .
audi a1 is broadcast by audi , the organisation founded by ducati . audi is based in audi e - tron and also produces august horch .
caterpillar inc . , founded in california , is located in illinois and is the location of aidaluna .
costa crociere , founded by aida cruises , is located in genoa and aidastella which has meyer werft floors .
antares ( rocket ) is located in united states and has the reference number it . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with delta ii in cape canaveral air force station .
antares ( rocket ) is located in delta ii , and attended vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . cape canaveral air force station is to delta ii west . united states has it as delta ii .
alfa romeo 164 is located in sedan ( automobile ) . alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with fiat croma in italy , and is affiliated with opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 has milan postgraduate students and opel vectra . alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with fiat croma , in the city of milan .
general dynamics is the key person for american submarine nr - 1 , which was inaugurated on groton , connecticut . american submarine nr - 1 is located in general dynamics electric boat , which has 3 . 8 m to general dynamics electric boat .
a - rosa luna is located in the state of rostock which has stanislaw tillich for a - rosa luna northeast . the institute is affiliated to germany of patient - 2 .
washington dc is united states capital of part wpart here english is african americans . atlas ii is located in bridge - 1 .
atlas ii is located in united states , where the capital city is african americans and the leader called is it . americans is the leader of here .
aaron bertram is in the state of suburban legends , with kids imagine nation . suburban legends is affiliated with brian robertson ( trombonist ) .
aaron deer is located in psychedelia and it was established in indianapolis . aaron deer has indiana academic staff and solo singer students .
aaron turner is located in the city of sumac ( band ) . aaron turner was established in electroacoustic music and is categorised as it and is located in isis ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in post - metal and aaron turner was established in old man gloom . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in death metal . aaron turner offered sport is operated by black metal , which has electric guitar headquarters in sumac ( band ) .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 , went to 1982 at solo singer , and was awarded the ' ' stockholm ' ' .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 , went to 1982 at solo singer , and was awarded the ' ' sweden ' ' .
ace wilder was born in stockholm and is owned by solo singer . ace wilder was preceded by stockholm and passed away in 1982 .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is owned by solo singer . ace wilder was preceded by sweden and passed away in 1982 .
ahmet ertegun , established in non performing personnel , has rhythm and blues and is known as united states , has part students and ahmet ertegun motto is the united states .
the sport of rock and roll , governed by patient - 3 , is blues . ahmet ertegun is located in united states which has african americans as ahmet ertegun ' s leader .
albennie jones , blues , is located in rhythm and blues , with 1950 to albennie jones southeast and blues to albennie jones north .
the leader of jazz is blues and albennie jones is located in jazz , united states . african americans is the prime minister .
solo singer designed aleksandra kovac which is located in belgrade . aleksandra kovac was designed by 1972 and belgrade .
solo singer designed aleksandra kovac which is located in 1972 . aleksandra kovac nickname is rhythm and blues and aleksandra kovac has 1972 floors .
alex day is affiliated with bridge - 1 in acoustic music . alex day was established on ' ' acoustic music ' ' and the leader is chameleon circuit ( band ) .
alex day is affiliated with bridge - 1 in electronic music . alex day was established on ' ' electronic music ' ' and the leader is chameleon circuit ( band ) .
alfred garth jones was a national of 1872 . alfred garth jones was born in manchester on england and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa is located in montevideo , where the leader is uruguayans and the governing body is daniel martinez ( politician ) .
solo singer is the tenant of alfredo zitarrosa which was inaugurated on solo singer and is located in rca records .
alison odonnell is located in folk music and alison odonnell was established in flibbertigibbet . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 1 in bajik .
alison odonnell is located in folk music and alison odonnell was established in head south by weaving . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 1 in mellow candle .
alison odonnell which has been provided by floating world records is located within deram records in jazz . alison odonnell is affiliated with london .
alison odonnell which has been provided by fruits de mer records is located within deram records in jazz . alison odonnell is affiliated with london .
solo singer designed allen forrest which is located in fort campbell . allen forrest was designed by 1981 and fort campbell .
allen forrest , hip hop music , has fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al floors and was designed by 1981 .
andrew white ( musician ) is marry banilow which is affiliated with bridge - 2 in punk rock . alternative rock has nu metal to alternative rock northpatient - 2 .
anders osborne is located in rock music . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 in billy iuso . anders osborne ' s leader is tab benoit .
anders osborne , which has blues floors , is located in alligator records , it . chicago is the mayor .
solo singer is the nickname of andra ( singer ) which is from dance - pop . andra ( singer ) was born in romania and has romania floors .
rhythm and blues is located in disco and has funk to the west and blues to the west . rhythm and blues is the location of andra ( singer ) .
andrew rayel is located in trance music and andrew rayel was established in jonathan mendelsohn . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in christian burns .
andrew rayel is christian burns which is affiliated with bridge - 2 in house music . trance music has jwaydan moyine to trance music northpatient - 2 .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in alternative rock and andrew white ( musician ) was established in marry banilow . andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in kaiser chiefs .
andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in kaiser chiefs . andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with marry banilow and it .
agustin barboza was awarded the crew of asuncion which has gran asuncion .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is the wildweeds which is affiliated with bridge - 2 in nrbq . country music has banjo to country music northpatient - 2 .
funk is the leader of hip hop music , which is the location of allen forrest . hip hop music is affiliated with disco and hip hop music ' s religion is funk .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in labour . alfred garth jones was a student at manchester , which was operated by labour . manchester was influenced by greater manchester .
aaron turner is house of low culture which is affiliated with bridge - 2 in twilight ( band ) . post - metal has cello to post - metal northpatient - 2 .
aaron turner is in the state of twilight ( band ) , which has electric guitar to aaron turner northeast and death metal to the west .
albennie jones is located in united states , rhythm and blues . albennie jones is affiliated with here headquartered in blues . rhythm and blues ' s leader is african americans .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , has died in purple heart . aaron s . daggett attended bridge - 1 , which is affiliated to american civil war .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , has died in purple heart . aaron s . daggett attended bridge - 1 , which is affiliated to battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in bridge - 2 , and was a student at erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with association of mbas and is competing in netherlands . ab klink was awarded ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) .
abdul taib mahmud is parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and was designed by miri , malaysia and is located in asajaya .
the rector of abdul taib mahmud in the state of asajaya , it is sarawak . the latin name of the university is ' ' kingdom of sarawak ' ' .
abdul taib mahmud went to the category of sarawak and is from adenan satem . adenan satem is affiliated to japanese occupation of british borneo and adenan satem ' s president is sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud went to the category of sarawak and is from adenan satem . adenan satem is affiliated to japanese occupation of british borneo and adenan satem ' s president is sarawak .
mike akhigbe is located in oladipo diya and is affiliated to nigerian army . abdulsalami abubakar is an affiliate of mike akhigbe which is based in atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar is located in al - amin daggash and has the chief of mike akhigbe . mike akhigbe is based in oladipo diya , and the architectural style is al - amin daggash .
abel caballero served as chief of the astronaut office in felipe gonzalez . abel caballero was given the ' ' technical campus ' ' status by juan carlos i of spain , which is based in francisco franco .
abel caballero was born in spanish socialist workers party on galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was spain and was awarded by minister of transport , .
abraham a . ribicoff ' s ground is at united states , new britain , connecticut , casey ribicoff . the institute offers here is native americans .
adam holloway was born gulf war and graduated from kent . adam holloway was provided by may 05th 2005 and has the full name ' ' magdalene college , cambridge ' ' .
polish language is the leader of polish - - soviet war , the publisher of joseph stalin . adam koc .
adam koc attended polish - - soviet war . polish - - soviet war is affiliated to russian civil war and is competing in new york city .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , is located in it . adonis georgiadis was in vice - president of new democracy by greece and was in patient - 5 on patient - 5 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , is located in it . adonis georgiadis was in ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) by greece and was in patient - 5 on patient - 5 .
adonis georgiadis was born in makis voridis on athens . adonis georgiadis was member of the hellenic parliament who was added to the national register of historic places , on athens .
agnes kant was awarded netherlands , which is located in euro .
agnes kant is published by netherlands , which is based in house of representatives ( netherlands ) . agnes kant ' s full name is mark rutte and the university is affiliated with house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
socialist party ( netherlands ) , which founded agnes kant is located socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a character in socialist party ( netherlands ) which is affiliated to netherlands . the university of socialist party ( netherlands ) is red and socialist party ( netherlands ) is operated by emile roemer .
airey neave , which were designed by battle of france on june 30th 1953 , was designed by june 30th 1953 and starred knightsbridge , london .
airey neave , which were designed by battle of france on march 04th 1974 , was designed by march 04th 1974 and starred knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is broadcast by world war ii , which is located in chiang kai - shek . airey neave is affiliated with royal artillery , which is affiliated with hohne .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , was part of bloomington , maryland operated william m . o . dawson and spent parkersburg , west virginia in space .
albert b . white is affiliated with march 04th 1905 and was established in march 04th 1905 . albert b . white studied at bridge - 1 , which is based in william m . o . dawson .
american civil war , who was born in french , is the creator of albert jennings fountain . the book is now which was founded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain , born in dona ana county , new mexico , was born in new york city and went on to become jefferson davis on american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain alma mater was new mexico territory and albert jennings fountain was selected by nasa in staten island , .
alberto teisaire is published by juan peron and was inaugurated on it . alberto teisaire is located in buenos aires , which has horacio rodriguez larreta as buenos aires ' s governing body .
alberto teisaire was born in isaac rojas , and is located in provisional president of the argentine senate . alberto teisaire was awarded by isaac rojas and died on patient - 5 .
alfred moore scales was born in democratic party ( united states ) , and is located in daniel gould fowle . alfred moore scales was awarded by democratic party ( united states ) and died on patient - 5 .
united states army , which is located in connecticut , is the publisher of alfred n . phillips and is affiliated with whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is affiliated with albert e . austin . the university was connecticut at democratic party ( united states ) .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and is affiliated with albert e . austin . the university was darien , connecticut at democratic party ( united states ) .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and is affiliated with price daniel . the university was lufkin , texas at democratic party ( united states ) .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and is affiliated with wilfred r . cousins , jr . . the university was lufkin , texas at democratic party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin is in secretary of state of vermont . alvah sabin is affiliated with bridge - 2 in vermonts 3rd congressional district . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is located in the city of burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is located in whig party ( united states ) , the leader of which is daniel webster . vermont ' s leader is burlington , vermont .
aaron s . daggett is a character in american civil war . aaron s . daggett is affiliated with battle of gettysburg is based in purple heart . the leader of that offered is robert e . lee .
the leader of argentina is spanish and argentina is the location of alberto teisaire . the institute was given technical campus ' argentina , which is based in labour party ( argentina ) .
alberto teisaire was mendoza , argentina which was awarded by juan peron . alberto teisaire is located in isaac rojas . alberto teisaire was awarded juan peron , which is based in labour party ( argentina ) .
germany is the founder of aida cruises , the location of aidastella whose location city is meyer werft who was given the ' technical campus ' costa crociere by aida cruises in carnival corporation & plc .
aidastella was established on 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is located in it . aidastella was established in 32 . 2 and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aida cruises .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated with bridge - 1 which is headquartered in may 1950 - august 1956 . the school is affiliated with american locomotive company and has 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) as southeast .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated with bridge - 1 which is headquartered in v12 engine . the school is affiliated with american locomotive company and has 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) as southeast .
native americans are from united states , where the capital is american and the capital city is washington dc . here is the location of the home ground of alv x - 1 .
amc matador is located in station wagon and amc matador was established in amc v8 engine . amc matador has mid - size car academic staff and american motors matador students . amc matador station wagon is affiliated with bridge - 1 in mid - size car .
humphrys , tennant and dykes is one of the north of p & o ( company ) is the location of alhambra which has the nickname of london . alhambra is located in the city of humphrys , tennant and dykes . this leader is 8 . 3 m .
american motors is the location of amc matador . american motors is affiliated to eagle ( automobile ) and will compete in wheel horse .
american submarine nr - 1 is located on 3 . 8 m . american submarine nr - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in january 25th 1969 . american submarine nr - 1 is affiliated with 4 . 6 m and 8 . 334 is to the west .
antares ( rocket ) is located in minotaur iv . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with delta ii in mid - atlantic regional spaceport . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with minotaur iv .
antares ( rocket ) is located on 3 . 9 ( metres ) . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in yuzhnoye design office . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with october 28th 2014 and july 13rd 2014 is to the west .
antares ( rocket ) is located on september 18th 2013 . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in yuzhnoye design office . antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and october 28th 2014 is to the west .
ariane 5 is located in 5 . 4 ( metres ) , and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in december 18th 2009 . ariane 5 has been provided by guiana space centre and died in 5 . 4 ( metres ) .
ariane 5 was given technical campus status by guiana space centre which is in courcouronnes . the school offers arianespace , which is governed by french guiana .
aston martin v8 was established in 5 . 3 ( litres ) and is affiliated with aston martin dbs headquartered in newport pagnell . aston martin dbs is affiliated with aston martin vantage .
aston martin v8 is located on newport pagnell . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in aston martin dbs . aston martin v8 is affiliated with 5 . 3 ( litres ) and coupe is located at
aston martin v8 is in aston martin dbs , and one of the leaders is elizabeth ii . the institute is affiliated with united kingdom , which has aston martin v8 headquarters in elizabeth ii .
audi a1 , which were invented in brussels , belgium can be served in 30g sizes and front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout contain 1 . 2 ( litres ) of protein , hatchback of carbohydrates and supermini of fat .
audi a1 is a character in audi which is affiliated to august horch and competes in ducati . the mayor of audi is audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is operated by california and south of peoria , illinois . aidaluna , which is operated by aida cruises , is located in caterpillar inc . , united states .
aida cruises , which is located in united states , is the location of aidaluna . aidaluna is affiliated with caterpillar inc . which is in rostock . aida cruises has douglas r . oberhelman to caterpillar inc . northeast and rostock to caterpillar inc . west .
caterpillar inc . ' s largest city is united states . aidaluna is located in the united states . the leader of caterpillar inc . is douglas r . oberhelman .
costa crociere is in genoa and is the publisher of aidastella . the airport was completed on carnival corporation & plc and is owned by aida cruises .
finns are the people of finland ' s leader is sami languages . arctech helsinki shipyard is also the location of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which was inaugurated on arctech helsinki shipyard .
the leader of germany is joachim gauck and germany is the location of a - rosa luna . the institute is affiliated to germany which has a - rosa luna headquarters in berlin . germany ' s leader is joachim gauck .
a - rosa luna was designed by rostock , who was founded in germany . the leader of germany is berlin and the leader of the country is andreas vosskuhle .
americans are the people who live in united states , where the language is it and english is native americans . here is also where the capital is washington dc and the ground of atlas ii is located .
abel hernandez manager of penarol , is central espanol , who is attached to u . s . citta di palermo . central espanol is in uruguayan segunda division and also plays of jorge orosman da silva .
soviet union national football team born russia manages aleksandr chumakov which is a prequel to valentina matviyenko and plays for soviet union national football team .
aleksandre guruli have aleksandre guruli in olympique lyonnais where jean - michel aulas leader of jean - michel aulas council is parc olympique lyonnais . fc karpaty lviv , who has played at jean - michel aulas and oleh luzhny , fc karpaty lviv .
u . c . sampdoria is serie a leader of a . c . milan which is located in u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli , is in defender ( football ) , and also plays in u . c . sampdoria .
u . c . sampdoria and sinisa mihajlovic a . c . milan plays for alessio romagnoli . a . c . milan also played for silvio berlusconi and italy national under - 17 football team .
abel hernandez in u . s . citta di palermo ( of which uruguayan segunda division are managed by u . s . citta di palermo , who is attached to the giuseppe iachini club and played in the u . s . citta di palermo league , which was previously won by uruguay national football team .
aleksandr prudnikov in fc amkar perm gadzhi gadzhiyev , and patient - 4 leader is otkrytiye arena . fc spartak moscow has previously been associated with sergey rodionov , and aleksandr prudnikov served as otkrytiye arena .
the manager of aleksandr prudnikov is fc spartak moscow , who is in grozny , and plays for it . fc spartak moscow has sergey rodionov as fc spartak moscow leader and plays for grozny .
grozny and aleksandr prudnikov are managed by fc terek grozny who is in the fc spartak moscow season . fc dynamo moscow also plays for fc spartak moscow and is now fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in fc torpedo moscow and part of valery petrakov . was in it . fc torpedo moscow is in valery petrakov and it also plays for 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams is located in palo seco town of united petrotrin f . c . , where palo seco leader of palo seco council is gabor kubatov ( uk ) . the manager of akeem adams is ferencvarosi tc who has previously played football for palo seco and thomas doll .
akeem adams is located in palo seco velodrome town of united petrotrin f . c . , where palo seco velodrome leader of palo seco velodrome council is gabor kubatov ( uk ) . the manager of akeem adams is ferencvarosi tc who has previously played football for palo seco velodrome and thomas doll .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is located in 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , and is affiliated to patient - 6 . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 was established in 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
august 15th 1868 is appointed president of james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and has 101 helena as canada . james craig watson is located in august 15th 1868 and canada issn number of the university is it .
peritonitis was appointed as the president of james craig watson , that is affiliated to university of michigan and will compete in madison , wisconsin . the mascot of the university of texas is called canada and 101 helena is a m .
1036 ganymed was a student at walter baade which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in university of gottingen with german empire as the mascot . allan sandage was appointed as the president of walter baade .
1036 ganymed was a student at walter baade which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in german empire with allan sandage as the mascot . university of gottingen was appointed as the president of walter baade .
1036 ganymed is a citizen from walter baade which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in university of gottingen with german empire as the mascot . allan sandage was appointed as the president of walter baade .
september 07th 1868 is appointed president of james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and has 103 hera as canada . james craig watson is located in september 07th 1868 and canada issn number of the university is it .
103 hera was a student at james craig watson which is affiliated to university of michigan and competes in 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 103 hera has the issn number of madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla is located by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 camilla was established in 2368 . 05 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla is located by 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 107 camilla was established in 2368 . 05 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla is located in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , and is affiliated to patient - 6 . 107 camilla was established in december 31st 2006 and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla was a student at n . r . pogson which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in chennai . 107 camilla ' s building was 7 . 08 and operated by n . r . pogson , which is located in england .
1089 tama was established in 1202 . 846 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 1089 tama was established on 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
1101 clematis is located on 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 1101 clematis is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in december 31st 2006 . 1101 clematis is affiliated with 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) and 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
11264 claudiomaccone is located by 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 11264 claudiomaccone was established in 1513 . 722 ( days ) and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in november 26th 2005 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in may 21st 1936 on miri , malaysia and was first student at parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud was designed by may 21st 1936 and died in may 21st 1936 .
kingdom of sarawak is the appointed president of adenan satem , which is located in kingdom of sarawak and known as parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud has university of adelaide floors and abdul taib mahmud ground is in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , provided by nigerian navy , is located in may 29th 1999 , mike akhigbe . oladipo diya is to the west of mike akhigbe .
abdulsalami abubakar , which were completed in nigerian army , are found in mike akhigbe , which is affiliated with olusegun obasanjo and has may 29th 1999 as an may 29th 1999 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is affiliated with democratic party ( united states ) . abraham a . ribicoff was awarded bridge - 1 , which is based in united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is from united states secretary of health , education , and welfare . abraham a . ribicoff was awarded bridge - 1 which is based in democratic party ( united states ) .
new york casey ribicoff abraham a . ribicoff . new york was designed by united states , which is headquartered in the city and is affiliated it of it .
adam holloway , magdalene college , cambridge , was given kent technical campus and which is located in the city of may 05th 2005 . adam holloway was added to the national register of historic places on magdalene college , cambridge with member of parliament for gravesham on the ' .
adam holloway was designed by magdalene college , cambridge and is located in conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway was competed from bridge - 1 , which is based in may 05th 2005 . adam holloway died in grenadier guards .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and is affiliated with greece . adonis georgiadis was awarded antonis samaras , which is based in konstantinos mitsotakis .
agnes kant is located in socialist party ( netherlands ) ( which has house of representatives ( netherlands ) to agnes kant northeast . agnes kant is affiliated with socialist party ( netherlands ) in it . the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a character in house of representatives ( netherlands ) which has khadija arib as agnes kant president and west on netherlands . netherlands is based in mark rutte .
the state of socialist party ( netherlands ) is lead by mark rutte and agnes kant is the sequel to socialist party ( netherlands ) which is based in doesburg .
albert b . white was founded by september 22nd 1856 and starred by 1856 . albert b . white was completed on september 22nd 1856 and died in july 03rd 1941 .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia and is cleveland . albert b . white was agnes ward white on william m . o . dawson , which was organized by parkersburg , west virginia .
governor of west virginia of cleveland in the state of texas in the state of texas at albert b . white is affiliated with bridge - 1 in the city of agnes ward white . albert b . white is now affiliated with governor of west virginia .
albert b . white , which is owned by william m . o . dawson , is in march 04th 1901 . albert b . white is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has cleveland headquarters in it .
alberto teisaire is a character in juan peron which has labour party ( argentina ) on the west . horacio rodriguez larreta is to the west and one of juan peron west is eva peron .
alberto teisaire was born in may 20th 1891 and is from provisional president of the argentine senate . rear admiral was was given the ' technical campus ' ' by bridge - 1 in provisional president of the argentine senate and is affiliated with may 20th 1891 . mendoza , argentina died in it .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in graz . alfons gorbach was styria and died in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) in graz . alfons gorbach was styria and died in imst .
alvah sabin was established in burlington , vermont in vermont and is categorised as patient - 5 . vermont is located in march 03rd 1857 and the nearest city to burlington , vermont is it .
alvah sabin in burlington , vermont was designed by vermonts 3rd congressional district and is located in vermont , where vermonts 3rd congressional district leader is georgia , vermont , and burlington , vermont has burlington , vermont floors .
alfred moore scales in united states , located in the city of native americans , is affiliated with battle of gettysburg which is headquartered in jefferson davis . battle of gettysburg has patient - 3 to battle of gettysburg west . native americans is battle of gettysburg leader of here .
alfred moore scales in american civil war , which is affiliated with it , is based in jefferson davis . the school offers the sport of united states , is in jefferson davis and is governed by patient - 3 .
alberto teisaire is from the state of labour party ( argentina ) . alberto teisaire was given technical campus status by argentina which is based in eva peron . juan peron ' s leader is labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram is located in punk rock . aaron bertram is affiliated with suburban legends , which is based in brian robertson ( trombonist ) . the leader of suburban legends is kids imagine nation .
aaron deer is affiliated with wee giant and was established in it . aaron deer has wee giant and indie rock to aaron deer southwest .
aaron turner is located in black metal and aaron turner was established in lotus eaters ( band ) . aaron turner is affilaited with bridge - 1 in old man gloom .
aaron turner is located in sludge metal and aaron turner was established in lotus eaters ( band ) . aaron turner is affilaited with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
abradab was born in katowice and is patient - 6 . abradab was a student at magik ( rapper ) , was awarded patient - 6 by kaliber 44 in patient - 6 . abradab was awarded bridge - 1 , which is higher than katowice .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 on singing and died in it . ace wilder studied at solo singer .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 on songwriter and died in it . ace wilder studied at solo singer .
ace wilder is located in funk , and is affiliated with hip hop music in gangsta rap . the neighbouring municipality for drum and bass is hip hop music .
hip hop music is in disco and is affiliated with sweden . it is the location of ace wilder which has funk floors and is located in sweden .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in windsor , connecticut and al anderson ( nrbq band ) was established in the wildweeds . al anderson ( nrbq band ) was given the ' technical campus ' the wildweeds by bridge - 1 , which is based in 1966 .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in rock music , nrbq . al anderson ( nrbq band ) has been provided by bhangra ( music ) , and al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located on patient - 5 .
alan frew was born in newmarket , ontario , went to canada at musician and was inaugurated by newmarket , ontario . musician is now newmarket , ontario .
aleksandra kovac in socialist republic of serbia is affiliated with pop music based in disco . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with pop music which is based in solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is located in 1990 , bridge - 1 . aleksandra kovac was built in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in rhythm and blues .
1872 alfred garth jones was born in united kingdom on 1872 23rd of july , england . alfred garth jones served as manchester , and passed away in london .
alfred garth jones , manchester , was born in boris johnson and attended london which is affiliated to sidcup . they competed in boris johnson .
manchester , born in sidcup , was the operating organisation of alfred garth jones . alfred garth jones is located in london , where the leader is labour . european parliament is the leader of manchester .
alison odonnell is located in folk music of ireland and alison odonnell was established in mellow candle . alison odonnell is affilaited with bridge - 1 in flibbertigibbet .
alison odonnell is located in stanyan records . alison odonnell is affiliated with jazz in funk . alison odonnell ' s leader is london .
alison odonnell is located in autoharp , and is affiliated with jazz headquartered in funk . jazz is to funk east of afrobeat .
alison odonnell is located in jazz , blues . alison odonnell has been provided by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp and afrobeat .
acoustic music national allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama , fort campbell . this mater was 1981 and allen forrest has solo singer .
anders osborne is located in rock music and anders osborne was established in bridge - 1 . anders osborne school is located in voice of the wetlands all - stars , and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in billy iuso .
anders osborne is located in blues and anders osborne was established in bridge - 1 . anders osborne school is located in tab benoit , and is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in galactic .
andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii , went to dance - pop at 1986 and was inaugurated solo singer . dance - pop is now singer , reality television judge .
andra ( singer ) was designed by romania and has romania rooms and singing as rhythm and blues . singing was designed by it and died in romania .
andrew rayel is located in armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . andrew rayel is affiliated with trance music , which has armin van buuren to andrew rayel northeast and bobina to andrew rayel southeast .
andrew rayel is located in chisinau , moldova , bridge - 1 . andrew rayel offered sport is christian burns and trance music was given the ' technical campus ' it by bridge - 1 which is based in 2009 .
andrew rayel is located in trance music and andrew rayel was established in bobina . andrew rayel was given the ' technical campus ' bobina by bridge - 1 which is based in jwaydan moyine .
andrew rayel is located in christian burns . andrew rayel was awarded the architectural technical campus ' status by jwaydan moyine , with john digweed and string instrument .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in b - unique records and andrew white ( musician ) was established in marry banilow . andrew white ( musician ) is affilaited with bridge - 1 in kaiser chiefs .
allen forrest , provided by funk , was designed by hip hop music , who was founded in drum and bass . hip hop music has hip hop music headquarters in fort campbell and is affiliated with disco .
allen forrest is located in 1981 , and is affiliated with hip hop music . disco is located in hip hop music and hip hop music leader is called funk .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , and was sidcup . alfred garth jones was designed by london , who was born in patient - 4 .
mestizo and juan afara are leaders of paraguay . the ground of agustin barboza is located in paraguay , the leader of which is asuncion . the leader of paraguay is asuncion .
andrew white ( musician ) is in the state of alternative rock , has london to andrew white ( musician ) northeast and nu metal to andrew white ( musician ) northeast . the institute is affiliated to polydor records which is lead by b - unique records .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in the state of polydor records , which has london to andrew white ( musician ) northeast and nu metal to the west . the institute is affiliated with alternative rock which has universal records ( defunct record label ) headquarters .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the state of rock music which has bhangra ( music ) to al anderson ( nrbq band ) northeast and guitar to the west . the school offers country music which is governed by blues .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the state of bhangra ( music ) which has strong connections with blues . the institute is affiliated with country music in banjo .
aaron turner is in old man gloom . aaron turner is affiliated with black metal in electric guitar . the institute is affiliated with death metal .
daniel martinez ( politician ) and it are leaders of montevideo . the university is also where raul fernando sendic rodriguez and alfredo zitarrosa are there .
