kevin eastman created april o ' neil .

ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo .
bibbo ' s full name is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black ' s alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won eisner award .
karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
peter laird is united states of april o ' neil .
bbc broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling .
stv broadcast bananaman starring graeme garden .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
steven t seagle created baymax .
ben urich ( benjamin urich ) was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
marv wolfman created bibbo aka bibbowski .
asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo , the former being a french national .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor . bananaman last aired on april 15th 1986 .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and included baymax .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and included baymax .
blockbuster , mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bbc produces bbc radio . it is located in broadcasting house .
stv broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling . steve bright created bananaman .
american duncan rouleau is the creator of baymax , which featured in big hero 6 ( starring ryan potter ) .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , puerto rican .
american duncan rouleau created baymax . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . big hero 6 stars alan tudyk .
