11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
 (id2)
azerbaijan is led by artur rasizade . (id3)
azerbaijan ' s leader is prime minister . (id4)
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial . (id5)
11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 . (id6)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland . (id7)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . the legislature is in azerbaijan . (id8)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the legislature . (id9)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . (id10)
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in adams county , pennsylvania , gettysburg . (id11)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is azerbaijan . (id12)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is headed by artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly . (id13)
ankara is turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where ataturk monument is located . (id14)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 . (id15)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which has artur rasizade as prime minister . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . (id16)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . (id17)
monocacy national battlefield is in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in it and was established july 11st 1907 . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland . (id18)
ataturk monument made of bronze is located in turkey , whose leader is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is turkey . (id19)
ataturk monument in turkey , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey . (id20)
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in seminary ridge , gettysburg . 11th mississippi infantry monument , united states , is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 . (id21)
11th mississippi infantry monument , situated in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it . (id22)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade . its ' s leader is prime minister . (id23)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . baku is the capital city and azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade . the legislature in it is national assembly . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . (id24)
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey is led by ahmet davutoglu . its ' s leader is president of turkey . (id25)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge in united states , and falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 in adams county , pennsylvania . it is in pennsylvania . (id26)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania falls under the category of contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it . adams county is east of franklin county . (id27)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the legislature has been dedicated to the soldiers . it designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is made of red granite and white marble . (id28)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . it is dedicated to the soldiers . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner created the legislature . the legislature is made of red granite and white marble . (id29)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was founded on july 11st 1907 and belongs to historic districts in the united states it is in maryland . (id30)
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is turkish lira . istanbul is the largest city in it . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the monument is made from bronze . (id31)
ataturk monument is located in turkey . it was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the leader of the turkish is ahmet davutoglu . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country , designed by pietro canonica , is made out of bronze . (id32)
ataturk monument is located in turkey . the country was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the turkish leader name is ahmet davutoglu . the currency of it is turkish lira . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . its ' s leader is president of turkey . (id33)
