the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran
in the salvadoran primera division
full name is association football club blackpool .
their ground is the mechanics . a . f . c . blackpool
whose ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens
aek athens fc played in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal arena is located in baku
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio , united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio , .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault
amsterdam eberhard van der laan is the leader
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan
frank de boer played for fc barcelona
gubbio is from the umbria
. the leader of italy is sergio mattarella
who played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - - st . mary high school , united states .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
is in verona , italy . ac chievo verona and has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran was born in italy
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the fc dallas
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays irlam town f . c .
fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
' s ground is located in livorno and play in the serie b
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who a . s . roma
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina played for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and fullname is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens ' s ground is in greece aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc play in the superleague greece .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst , the ground of afc ajax amateurs .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk . azal pfk in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault play in the 2011 pdl season . akron summit assault which has 3000 members .
gubbio is from the umbria a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy pietro grasso
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
jens hartel , the manager of fc magdeburg also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig , sv germania schoneiche
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
associazione calcio lumezzane spa a . c . lumezzane is in the lega pro / a league and has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for the el salvador national football team .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is ` ` association football club blackpool ' '
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and runcorn f . c . halton
dave challinor , manager of afc fylde , played for stockport county f . c . dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio has 19238 members and the full name of livorno calcio s . p . a . .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci . a . s . livorno calcio . they play in the serie b league of which carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio and has played for chelsea fc . christian panucci was attached to the real madrid cf club .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece are previous champions and home ground is greece
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is of amsterdam amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
afc ajax is based in amsterdam . amsterdam - noord of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
john van den brom , manager of az alkmaar , plays for jong ajax john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel , who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau
rolando maran has managed ac chievo verona and plays for both f . c . bari 1908 was born in italy rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane , owns torino f . c . plays for a . c . chievo verona .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of , is in the league epsth 2nd group and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire played in the 2014 season a . f . c . fylde , has 3180 members and the full name association football club fylde .
a . f . c . fylde played in 2014 . fylde , has 3180 members and the association football club fylde ( bryning lane
paulo sousa played for juventus fc and now plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c while managing acf fiorentina . paulo sousa once played for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , play in the superleague greece . their ground is in athens . aek athens fc played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant . it is
afc ajax is nicknamed joden , godenzonen afc ajax ( amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members . their full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar . he plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax john van den brom played for the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas vila nova futebol clube are the champions of campeonato
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
st . vincent - st . mary high school in the united states is the ground of akron summit assault . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . st . vincent - st . mary high school is in akron , ohio .
, whose capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . he plays for fc admira wacker modling and is the manager of 1 fc koln . peter stoger who plays for fk austria wien .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini . a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool council is the labour party ( uk ) .
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the italian language is spoken . the champions of serie d are s . s . robur siena .
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) in marousi . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
italy where pietro grasso is the leader of the italians . rome is the capital of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the italian language is spoken .
italian is the official language of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 which is located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella in the capital city of rome
