amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano . (id1)
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper . (id2)
arros negre uses white rice . (id3)
arros negre comes from catalonia . (id4)
arros negre comes from valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet hails from singapore . (id6)
blt sandwich uses tomato . (id7)
baked alaska is from hong kong . (id8)
 (id9)
bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine . (id10)
bandeja paisa includes chicharron . (id11)
bandeja paisa comes from paisa region . (id12)
 (id13)
batagor is shumai . (id14)
batagor is a dish of fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
batchoy contains shrimp . (id16)
beef kway teow comes from indonesia . (id17)
bhaji and bajji is also known as bhajji . (id18)
binignit includes taro . (id19)
cottage cheese is bionico . (id20)
bionico comes from jalisco . (id21)
chicken class is bird . (id22)
india ' s currency is indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan leads india . (id24)
language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
aristoteles sandoval is a leader in jalisco . (id26)
banyumasan people people are from java . (id27)
malaysian malay people are from malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico . (id29)
spanish is the language of new york . (id30)
shumai comes from china . (id31)
siomay uses peanut sauce . (id32)
ethnic groups are a group in sumatra . (id33)
united kingdom is led by david cameron . (id34)
italy amatriciana sauce is made with tomato . (id35)
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where arem - arem comes from . (id36)
italian speaking italy boasts arrabbiata sauce . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce originated in italy ( led by sergio mattarella ) . (id38)
italy arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper . (id39)
valencian community arros negre is found in spain . (id40)
asam pedas from indonesia is made with fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia . (id42)
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . (id43)
bacon explosion is made of sausage and bacon . (id44)
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains bacon . (id45)
bacon sandwiches , containing bread , is a variation of blt sandwich . (id46)
france baked alaska contains sponge cake . (id47)
baked alaska comes from france , whose leader is manuel valls . (id48)
united states baked alaska includes meringue . (id49)
fruit is an ingredient of bakewell tart and bakewell pudding is a variation . (id50)
indonesia bakso contains vermicelli . (id51)
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is part of the apiaceae family . (id52)
colombian cuisine bandeja paisa includes chicharron . (id53)
barny cakes comes from france , whose leader is claude bartolone . (id54)
indonesia batagor includes peanut sauce . (id55)
batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of siomay . (id56)
singapore beef kway teow includes palm sugar . (id57)
beef kway teow comes from singapore , whose leader is halimah yacob . (id58)
beef kway teow from singapore and indonesia is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id59)
bhajji is from india , where indians live . (id60)
bhajji comes from india , whose leader is t s thakur . (id61)
philippines is home to binignit and igorot people . (id62)
binignit from philippines is made with banana . (id63)
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato . (id64)
bionico comes from mexico , whose leader is enrique pena nieto . (id65)
guadalajara ' s regional bionico includes granola . (id66)
cake is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is bionico . (id67)
bakso comes from indonesia , whose leader is joko widodo . (id68)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation . (id69)
lazio ' s regional amatriciana sauce includes guanciale . amatriciana sauce is from italy . (id70)
arem - arem is javanese cuisine made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the main ingredients is an ingredient of a leader . (id71)
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to flowering plants . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id73)
italy arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . (id74)
asam pedas is malay peninsula made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from malaysia . (id75)
arifin zakaria leads malaysia . kuala lumpur , malaysia is where asam pedas originates . (id76)
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . (id77)
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt . (id78)
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many white americans . (id79)
john roberts leads united states . washington dc , here is where bacon explosion originates . (id80)
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . bread is an ingredient in bacon . (id81)
france baked alaska contains sponge cake . baked alaska is from the new york region . (id82)
baked alaska is in france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro . (id83)
baked alaska is from new york , united states . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id84)
baked alaska is dessert which contains sponge cake . cookies is dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding is dessert . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
indonesia ' s regional bakso includes beef . bakso is from indonesia . (id88)
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains avocado . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine . (id89)
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains hogao . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine . (id90)
barny cakes located in france whose leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone . (id91)
batchoy is made of noodles and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines . (id92)
batchoy is made of vegetables and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines . (id93)
beef kway teow is located in the region of indonesia of singapore , which is lead by tony tan . (id94)
beef kway teow hails from singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id95)
singapore ' s regional beef kway teow includes oyster sauce . beef kway teow is from singapore and indonesia . (id96)
sumitra mahajan leads india . indian rupee is the currency of india where bhajji comes from . (id97)
binignit is dessert which contains banana . cookies is dessert . (id98)
binignit is dessert which contains sago . cookies is dessert . (id99)
binignit is dessert which contains taro . cookies is dessert . (id100)
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato . sweet potato comes from solanales . (id101)
mexico bionico includes granola . bionico is dessert . (id102)
bionico hails from guadalajara , mexico . the region is an ingredient in bionico . (id103)
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico . the peso is the currency of mexico where bionico comes from . (id104)
pietro grasso leads italy . rome is the capital of italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment . (id105)
batchoy is written in arabic and from philippines where igorot people live . (id106)
english is the official language of singapore , which is lead by tony tan and home to beef kway teow . (id107)
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a member of the solanaceae family . tomato is a fruit of solanales . (id108)
tomato amatriciana sauce can be found all over italy , and lazio . amatriciana sauce is guanciale . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce located in italy whose leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . rome is the capital of italy . (id110)
arros negre is made of cuttlefish and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia . (id111)
arros negre is made of white rice and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia . (id112)
arros negre is from catalonia in spain . spaniards are the main ethnic group in spain . the parliament is a leader in the country . (id113)
asam pedas is from sumatra , malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra is a food . (id114)
asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra where the minangkabau are an ethnic group . ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas comes from malaysia . (id115)
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here . (id116)
bacon explosion is from united states where john roberts is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here . (id117)
bacon sandwiches ( united kingdom ) , a variant on club sandwich and blt sandwich , contains ketchup . (id118)
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains condiments . brown sauce is the main ingredient of bacon , found in united kingdom . (id119)
baked alaska is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . baked alaska is from united states , which includes african americans . (id120)
baked alaska is made of sponge cake and christmas pudding . baked alaska is united states found in paris , new york and hong kong . (id121)
baked alaska is made of meringue and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from france , the united states or china and hong kong . (id122)
baked alaska is made of ice cream and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from united states and hong kong . (id123)
fruit is an ingredient in bakewell tart . bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , derbyshire . bakewell pudding is bakewell tart . (id124)
bakso is made of tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso comes from indonesia and southeast asian countries . (id125)
noodles bakso can be found all over indonesia , and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso is patient - 4 . (id126)
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains kidney beans . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region . (id127)
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains hogao . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region . (id128)
barny cakes are found in france where french people are led by francois hollande and gerard larcher . (id129)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . batagor comes from indonesia . siomay is a variation of shumai and it . (id130)
batchoy is made of pork and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines and la paz , iloilo city . (id131)
batchoy is soup which contains chicken . batchoy from philippines is made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia . (id133)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob . (id134)
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from indonesia and singapore . (id135)
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . bhajji comes from india and karnataka . (id136)
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . karnataka dish bhajji includes gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
binignit contains sago and sweet potato ( a member of the solanales flowering plants order ) . (id138)
binignit is made of sago and coconut milk . binignit comes from philippines and visayas . (id139)
bionico is dessert which contains granola . bionico comes from mexico and jalisco . (id140)
bionico is made of sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from mexico and guadalajara . (id141)
bionico is dessert found in mexico , whose leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cookies is dessert . (id142)
indonesia bakso contains tapioca . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where you will find it . (id143)
ayam penyet is located in the region of java of singapore , which is lead by tony tan . baduy people are from java . (id144)
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , ilocano people and philippine spanish is spoken there . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , igorot people and arabic is spoken there . (id146)
binignit is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit . (id147)
binignit is dessert and sandesh is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit . (id148)
arem - arem originates from indonesia where the currency is indonesian rupiah . its ' s leader is jusuf kalla and indonesian spoken is a leader is available nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . (id149)
asam pedas is from sumatra and malay peninsula . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur and asam pedas was written . (id150)
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . (id151)
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . (id152)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . malaysian malay people are from malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia where abu zahar ujang is president and where asam pedas is from . (id153)
bacon explosion is made of bacon and sausage . it is bacon and sausage and can be found in united states . bacon explosion is from the kansas city region . (id154)
bacon explosion is located in united states , where one of the official languages is english and the leader is paul ryan . washington dc is here . white americans are an ethnic group in it . (id155)
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains ketchup . brown sauce is a main ingredient in bacon . bacon is a variation of a blt sandwich dish found in united kingdom . (id156)
baked alaska are found in france where french people are led by gerard larcher and manuel valls . baked alaska is from hong kong . (id157)
antioquia department is from colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . lemon from the order of rosids are in bandeja paisa recipes . it is from the an ingredient region . (id158)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and french is spoken . barny cakes includes sponge cake . (id159)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of shumai . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found . (id160)
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . siomay is a variation of shumai and batagor . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where one can find it . (id161)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of siomay . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found . (id162)
bhajji has different names including : bhaji or bajji . bhajji is karnataka and uses gram flour . it is gram flour and vegetables and can be found in india . (id163)
bhajji is from india , where indians live . t s thakur is a leader in india . vajubhai vala is the leader in karnataka where bhajji comes from . (id164)
bhajji located in india whose leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . indians are from india . bhajji comes from karnataka . (id165)
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico . (id166)
dessert bionico , can be varied using honey . mexico is lead by enrique pena nieto , spanish is the official language and is home to bionico . (id167)
bionico is dessert . bionico is from jalisco . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . it is a variation of a honey dish found in mexico . (id168)
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from . (id169)
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and laura boldrini . rome is the capital of italy . (id170)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians are from italy . (id171)
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy . (id172)
fried chicken is an ingredient of ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet comes from java and malaysia and singapore . an ethnic group are an ethnic group in the country . (id173)
java is home to ayam penyet and the javanese . tony tan is the leader of singapore . english is spoken in singapore where ayam penyet is a dish . (id174)
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . (id175)
ajoblanco comes from spain where the language is spanish and spaniards live . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds . (id176)
ajoblanco is from spain , where spaniards live . felipe vi is the leader of it . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds . (id177)
