abilene regional airport serves abilene
madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is the location of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base served fallujah .
al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .

amsterdam airport schiphol has 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
appleton international airport is the city .
new zealand ' s runway length is 518 . 0 .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
belgium ' s language is dutch .
curitiba is in the south region .
denmark demonym is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is in grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in united states .
pakistan is led by sardar ayaz sadiq .
port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
al asad airbase was involved in libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in al asad airbase .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .

azerbaijan is led by artur rasizade .
azerbaijan ' s leader is prime minister .
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial .
11 diagonal street is in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has a total floor area .
300 north lasalle is based in chicago .
george winckler designed 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building opened in 1910 .

adare manor was designed by james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .

asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is in erie county , new york .
byron brown leads buffalo , new york .
munster is situated in county limerick .
criona ni dhalaigh leads dublin .
malatu teshome leads ethiopia .
indians are the inhabitants of india .
julia morgan is the architect behind los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is based in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is in new york .
new york city is in new netherland .
pacific grove , california is in california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 the ram rebellion is in print .
aids ( journal ) is in united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is hardcover .
a long long way is in english .
diane duane authored a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number : 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica issn number : 0567 - 7920 .
93645978 is the lccn number of journal .
journal discipline is addiction .
aenir is in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in english .
american journal of mathematics is devoted to the study of math .
castle is in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers owns farrar , straus , and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is in united states .
the secret scripture publisher of faber and faber .
asian americans live in united states .
united states is in english .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division
afc blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
afc blackpool is the mechanics .
afc blackpool is blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 have 5300 members .
aek athens fc play in athens .
aek athens fc play in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is in baku .
azal pfk is in azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is from united states .
akron , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
akron metro futbol club summit assault is abbreviated to akron summit assault .
amsterdam is led by eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is chelsea fc .
christian panucci played for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from umbria .
italy is led by sergio mattarella .
jens hartel is fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti was at udinese calcio .
massimo drago is a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini is atalanta bc .
michele marcolini is vicenza calcio .
peter stoger club is 1 . fc koln
rolando maran is fc bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is from united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology .


bucharest is romania .
the dean of school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen .
16 , 000 students students attend school of business and social sciences .
alan bean is united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit .
buzz aldrin was on the crew of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin joined nasa in 1963 .

elliot see died on february 28th 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
kevin eastman created april o ' neil .

ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo .
bibbo ' s full name is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black ' s alternative name is jon valor .
john buscema won eisner award .
karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman won kirby award .
peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has area codes 229 .
albany , oregon in united states .
mayor leads albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico ' s house of representatives is the leader in albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico is the leader in albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo occupies 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
randall county is the location of amarillo , texas .
anderson , indiana in richland township .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has area codes 925 .
antioch , california in contra costa county .
arlington has 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
kasim reed leads atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey in new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama in lee county , alabama .
auburn occupies 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin in texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county in georgia .
fulton county is in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas .
barack obama leads united states .
united states capitol is in united states house of representatives .
amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper .
arros negre uses white rice .
arros negre comes from catalonia .
arros negre comes from valencian community .
ayam penyet hails from singapore .
blt sandwich uses tomato .
baked alaska is from hong kong .

bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
bandeja paisa comes from paisa region .

batagor is shumai .
batagor is a dish of fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batchoy contains shrimp .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji is also known as bhajji .
binignit includes taro .
cottage cheese is bionico .
bionico comes from jalisco .
chicken class is bird .
india ' s currency is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan leads india .
language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is a leader in jalisco .
banyumasan people people are from java .
malaysian malay people are from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai comes from china .
siomay uses peanut sauce .
ethnic groups are a group in sumatra .
united kingdom is led by david cameron .
11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . the legislature is in azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the legislature .
united states is home to akron , ohio and african americans .
salem is the capital of oregon . albany , oregon in oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states united states house of representatives is the leader of it .
amarillo in united states it is part of texas .
anaheim , california is part of california it is led by united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is in orange county , california . california in united states .
adams township , madison county , indiana in united states anderson , indiana is part of it .
antioch , california occupies 75 . 324 square km . antioch , california is 13 . 0 above sea level .
arlington occupies 258 . 2 sqk . arlington is 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington is in texas . texas in united states .
atlanta is in united states it is in georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey in united states it is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of washington dc .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey it is in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
pierce county , washington is in united states auburn is part of it .
united states capital is washington dc . albany , oregon is in here .
washington dc , united states is where amarillo originates .
united states is home to albuquerque , new mexico and african americans .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states albany , georgia is in it .
united states is home to auburn , alabama and native americans .
akron , ohio is from united states , where english is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states , whose leader is leader .
italy amatriciana sauce is made with tomato .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where arem - arem comes from .
italian speaking italy boasts arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce originated in italy ( led by sergio mattarella ) .
italy arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper .
valencian community arros negre is found in spain .
asam pedas from indonesia is made with fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches .
bacon explosion is made of sausage and bacon .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains bacon .
bacon sandwiches , containing bread , is a variation of blt sandwich .
france baked alaska contains sponge cake .
baked alaska comes from france , whose leader is manuel valls .
united states baked alaska includes meringue .
fruit is an ingredient of bakewell tart and bakewell pudding is a variation .
indonesia bakso contains vermicelli .
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is part of the apiaceae family .
colombian cuisine bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
barny cakes comes from france , whose leader is claude bartolone .
indonesia batagor includes peanut sauce .
batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of siomay .
singapore beef kway teow includes palm sugar .
beef kway teow comes from singapore , whose leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow from singapore and indonesia is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is from india , where indians live .
bhajji comes from india , whose leader is t s thakur .
philippines is home to binignit and igorot people .
binignit from philippines is made with banana .
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato .
bionico comes from mexico , whose leader is enrique pena nieto .
guadalajara ' s regional bionico includes granola .
cake is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is bionico .
bakso comes from indonesia , whose leader is joko widodo .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation .
aarhus airport , run by aarhus lufthavn a / s a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres metres above sea level .
3 , 500 is the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase fought battles in grenada and operates al asad airbase .
the 1st runway at alderney airport has poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
alderney airport has a runway length of 877 . 0 , it is made of asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
2900 . 0 is the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , punjab , pakistan .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 meters . amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 meters above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 2014 . 0 in length .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 3 , 300 in length .
houston is the largest city in texas , where andrews county airport is located .
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800 . 0 in length .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211m metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , based in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states .
4 / 22 is the name of a runway at atlantic city international airport , operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in regionalliga in 2014 .
a . c . chievo verona in verona , italy has 39371 members .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . rolando maran was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez , manager of a . d . isidro metapan , plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and attends irlam town football club .
afc fylde in lancashire has 3180 members .
a . s . gubbio 1910 in gubbio has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio play at livorno in serie .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who worked at a . s . roma .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina ) has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . in greece has 69618 members .
aek athens fc play at the olympic stadium in superleague of greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as tenant .
azal pfk is in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan . their ' s ground is azal arena .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is gubbio . gubbio is from the umbria region .
pietro grasso heads italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 is based in italy .
luciano spalletti was at empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
eric flint wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 the ram rebellion is e book written by virginia demarce .
aip adv . is the abbreviation for aip advances , 2158 is the eissn number .
j . v . jones wrote a fortress of grey ice which is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice with the isbn 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 has 672 .
a glastonbury romance written by john cowper powys is followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way , with oclc number 57392246 , is currently in print & paperback .
a long long way with the isbn 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 has 292 .
a long long way was published by viking press , a subsidiary of penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer , by qiu xiaolong , is available in print .
' a severed wasp ' has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and oclc number 8805735 .
' a severed wasp ' is published in hardcover and the oclc number 8805735 .
' a severed wasp ' is written in english , a language spoken in great britain .
the print , home to the severed wasp , has 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science + business media founded by julius springer publishes abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature . its ' s isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and oclc number 78771100 .
' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' was followed by ` alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' which was authored by brandon sanderson .
american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is about math .
american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , a subsidiary of johns hopkins university .
1634 the ram rebellion is from united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice comes from united states where the capital is washington dc
a fortress of grey ice comes from united states where there are many african americans .
united states has an ethnic group called african americans and is the home of a wizard of mars .
united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the home of a wizard of mars .
1 decembrie 1918 university is known as uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute is in bangalore .
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by technical education .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is in kerala state .
peter laird is united states of april o ' neil .
bbc broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling .
stv broadcast bananaman starring graeme garden .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor who was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
steven t seagle created baymax .
ben urich ( benjamin urich ) was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
marv wolfman created bibbo aka bibbowski .
alan bean was born march 15th 1932 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . alan shepard was a crew member .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th 1930 .
glen ridge is in essex county . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was on the crew of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 him is retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square are 45 floors at united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and 62145 . 3 square metres of floor area .
300 north lasalle are 300 floors floors at chicago .
george winckler designed 320 south boston building . construction is in united states .
hok sve designed 3arena , east link bridge .
populous designed 3arena , dublin .
marriott international rents ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
adare manor is in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka is tudor revival .
adisham hall in sri lanka is tudor revival .
japan is home to akita musuem of art and many brazilians .
akita museum of art has three floors . akita museum of art is located on entity - entity - 2 .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . ampara hospital is in sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor in county limerick is part of munster .
3arena is in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , in united states , is now retired .
joe biden is a united states leader . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , here .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit . he joined nasa in 1963 . a member is from united states .
united states elliot see was born in dallas . elliot graduated from university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin him joined nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin francis g . slay is a st . louis leader . elliot died in nasa .
st . louis is in st louis in france . elliot see died on february 28th 1966 , in nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , a state where one can find the navy . alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by virginia demarce and eric flint is 448 pages long and in print .
1634 the ram rebellion is in english . it was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . english is spoken in great britain .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems and is headquartered in new york city . alexander l . wolf is the president of association for computing machinery .
aids journal in concerned with the study of hiv / aids / journal . the journal has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
aids journal in concerned with the study of hiv / aids / journal . the journal has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in united states stanford university is the alma mater of him , who edited aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice , by j . v . jones , has oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , by qiu xiaolong , has oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by united states in soho press , in english .
' a severed wasp ' was written in united states in english which is spoken in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' , oclc # 8805735 , is 388 pages and published in hardcover .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg known as , ` ` abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ' ' has the lccn number of 32024459 and the issn number of 1865 - 8784 .
aenir was written by australians and above the veil followed up in english .
above the veil followed aenir . above the veil is written in english . it was written by garth nix .
above the veil by garth nix has 248 pages and is published in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) , addiction , is focused on it and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , who published journal , which has the issn number of 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir written by garth nix is followed by above the veil . aenir is in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , oclc # 78771100 , is the isbn number pages and published in hardcover .
english is spoken in great britain and united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from here .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , wrote a glastonbury romance . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog .
administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune . issn number 0001 - 8392 is administrative science quarterly .
' a severed wasp ' was published in united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states a wizard of mars is written in english and published in it .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where the capital city is washington dc and a wizard of mars was written .
barack obama is the president of united states which is home to a wizard of mars and also asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from united states where one of the ethnic groups are african americans is known as leader .
a fortress of grey ice originates from united states where the leader is called leader and native americans live .
jens hartel plays for fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche while managing 1 fc magdeburg .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and a . s . d . licata 1931 while managing a . c . cesena .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( ac lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for el salvador national football team and alianza f . c . while managing a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis . their play in efxeinoupoli .
( association football club blackpool ) a . f . c . blackpool play at blackpool and has 1500 members .
stuart parker plays for chesterfield fc and runcorn fc halton while managing a . f . c . blackpool .
dave challinor plays for stockport manages afc fylde and is a member of colwyn bay fc
( livorno calcio s . p . a . ) a . s . livorno calcio play at livorno , italy and has 19 , 238 members members .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . their play in serie whose champions include carpi fc 1909 .
christian panucci played for chelsea fc and real as well as managing a . s . livorno calcio .
aek athens f . c . ( greece ) played in superleague of greece , which olympiacos fc were champions .
gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while managing aek athens fc .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s and jong ajax while managing az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play at estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in campeonato brasileiro serie c it is based in brazil .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio while managing a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and s . s . chieti calcio while managing a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 while managing a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio while managing a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row located on colmore row , was designed by john madin born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland where frank g jackson is cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where dupage county is rahm emanuel .
george winckler is located in united states 320 south boston building was designed by the architect and has 22 floors .
3arena at north wall quay was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark , which has 23 floors , is marriott international .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn firm and has 23 floors . marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin at palace of westminster in bloomsbury .
j p mcmanus owned adare manor was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall completed in 1931 with tudor and jacobean is located at haputale .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 in tudor and jacobean , is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the currency is the rupee . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
mason school of business is located in alan b miller hall in united states . alan b . miller opened in 30th march 2007 .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at riverside art museum in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at chinatown in san francisco in california .
asilomar conference grounds , located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california , was added to national of historic places february 27th 1987 and has reference number : 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan , were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in new york city , were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
conservative party ( uk ) lead birmingham , home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
liberal democrats leads birmingham . 103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is in addis ababa which is in ethiopia , whose hailemariam desalegn .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , gujarat .
marriott international , helped by bill marriott , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
united states is home to albany , georgia and asian americans . albany in georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by new mexico . it has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and african americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and asian americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
anaheim , california has area codes 657 , 714 . it has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . anaheim , ca has a utc offset of minus 7 .
anaheim , california is part of california california state capitol is the leader of california state senate in which it is located .
anderson , indiana is in indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . it is in united states .
united states is home to angola , indiana and asian americans . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county . it is led by united states house of representatives . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area .
tarrant county in texas in united states . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is part of it .
washington dc is the capital of united states which includes many asian americans . atlanta comes from here .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has area codes 404 .
newark is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . atlantic city in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . new york city is the largest city in united states . it in here .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama . it is part of alabama . alabama is in united states .
washington dc is the capital of united states where washington state is located . auburn is in washington state .
washington state is in united states . washington state capital is olympia . auburn is part of it .
albany , georgia is part of georgia it is part of dougherty county , georgia . atlanta is the capital of georgia .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana . madison county in indiana in united states . alexandria is part of it .
trenton is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is in united states atlantic city , new jersey is part of it .
houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is in them . english is spoken in texas .
attica , indiana comes from united states where the capital is washington dc it is in fountain county , indiana .
washington dc is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana . it in here .
akron , ohio is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english .
united states is home to akron , ohio and asian americans . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
united states is home to albany , oregon and asian americans . albany is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama leads united states . albuquerque , new mexico is from here where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is written in english and from united states where african americans live .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport where 10r / 28l with a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake . its ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
paracuellos de jarama in spain is the location of madrid and adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
agra airport , in uttar pradesh has an identifier of viag and is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3992 . 88 is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport , in pakistan is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority , based in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 2900 . 0 long .
alpena county regional airport is in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport in egg harbor township , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves new jersey and is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states and is 3048 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is located in lahore , pakistan , whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , madrid , where ahora madrid is the leading political organization .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in adams county , pennsylvania , gettysburg .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is headed by artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly .
ankara is turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where ataturk monument is located .
lazio ' s regional amatriciana sauce includes guanciale . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
arem - arem is javanese cuisine made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the main ingredients is an ingredient of a leader .
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to flowering plants .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
italy arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region .
asam pedas is malay peninsula made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from malaysia .
arifin zakaria leads malaysia . kuala lumpur , malaysia is where asam pedas originates .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt .
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many white americans .
john roberts leads united states . washington dc , here is where bacon explosion originates .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . bread is an ingredient in bacon .
france baked alaska contains sponge cake . baked alaska is from the new york region .
baked alaska is in france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
baked alaska is from new york , united states . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is dessert which contains sponge cake . cookies is dessert .
bakewell pudding is dessert . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
indonesia ' s regional bakso includes beef . bakso is from indonesia .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains avocado . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains hogao . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes located in france whose leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone .
batchoy is made of noodles and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines .
batchoy is made of vegetables and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines .
beef kway teow is located in the region of indonesia of singapore , which is lead by tony tan .
beef kway teow hails from singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
singapore ' s regional beef kway teow includes oyster sauce . beef kway teow is from singapore and indonesia .
sumitra mahajan leads india . indian rupee is the currency of india where bhajji comes from .
binignit is dessert which contains banana . cookies is dessert .
binignit is dessert which contains sago . cookies is dessert .
binignit is dessert which contains taro . cookies is dessert .
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato . sweet potato comes from solanales .
mexico bionico includes granola . bionico is dessert .
bionico hails from guadalajara , mexico . the region is an ingredient in bionico .
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico . the peso is the currency of mexico where bionico comes from .
pietro grasso leads italy . rome is the capital of italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment .
batchoy is written in arabic and from philippines where igorot people live .
english is the official language of singapore , which is lead by tony tan and home to beef kway teow .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a member of the solanaceae family . tomato is a fruit of solanales .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . its ' s academic staff total is 250 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is in kerala state .
1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania .
the leader is the president of romania which is home to 1 decembrie 1918 university and also germans of romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the school is in brussels .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark .
asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo , the former being a french national .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor . bananaman last aired on april 15th 1986 .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and included baymax .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and included baymax .
blockbuster , mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
103 colmore row ( located in birmingham ) has 23 floors , work started on it in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital of it , and ethnic groups are coloured people and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , a city in united states that is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county , united states ( local rahm emanuel ) .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 300 floors floors covering 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3arena is in dublin , leinster in republic of ireland . 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is marriott international . its ' s architect was 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . limerick city and county council governs county limerick .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . filipinos are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is vietnamese people .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is many brazilians .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 are located in pacific grove , california and were added to the national register of historic places on february 27th 1987 with 87000823 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 are located in avenue a , manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 with 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . cyrus vance jr . is a leader in manhattan .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . andrew mitchell is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . labour is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and t s thakur .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is in united kingdom . london is the capital city and united kingdom leader is elizabeth ii . london is lead by parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states where joe biden is leader . english is spoken in here .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which has artur rasizade as prime minister . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
monocacy national battlefield is in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in it and was established july 11st 1907 . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland .
ataturk monument made of bronze is located in turkey , whose leader is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is turkey .
ataturk monument in turkey , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey .
albany , georgia is from united states where they speak english and native americans live . albany in georgia is part of georgia .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 and 575 . the population density of albuquerque is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . it covers 486 . 2 square kilometers . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states . alpharetta , georgia is in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . it is part of fulton county , georgia .
potter county , texas was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . amarillo is in potter county which is in texas .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is in united states it is part of potter county which is in texas . austin is the capital of them .
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson is 268 . 0 above sea level . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is in united states it is part of indiana . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana . it has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a utc offset of minus 7 . the population of antioch , ca is 102372 . antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . the area codes for it are 925 .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . ` ` mayor ' ' is the leader of it .
lee county is in alabama . auburn , alabama is in united states it is part of lee county , alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group within the united states .
lee county is located in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group of here . auburn , alabama is part of it .
pierce county , washington is in united states . auburn is part of pierce county . auburn , washington is in king county , washington . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
auburn is from united states where the capital city is washington dc . auburn , washington is part of washington state . it is part of king county , washington .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . austin is part of it .
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . chinese is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa .
georgia is in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is in the u . s . state of georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of the state of indiana .
texas was published in united states in english . houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is part of them .
albany , oregon was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon .
new jersey in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . washington dc is the capital of here . new york city is the largest city in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where the leader is called leader and there are many african americans . barack obama leads here .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where the leader is called new mexico and there are many asian americans . john sanchez leads new mexico .
albany , oregon was published in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico originates from united states where the leader is called mayor of albuquerque and native americans live . barack obama leads here .
albany , georgia is from united states where they speak english and native americans live . albany in georgia is part of here .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
jens hartel is manager of 1 fc magdeburg , plays for fsv zwickau club , sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio he was born in italy .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona he was born in italy .
efxeinoupoli is the home ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , have 1500 members and are in epsth 2nd group . their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is conservative party ( uk ) . their ground ground is in blackpool .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is gordon marsden . their ground ground is in it .
afc fylde or association football club fylde is based in warton , fylde , lancashire has 3180 members and were in season 2014 season .
afc fylde or association football club fylde is based in bryning lane has 3180 members and were in season 2014 season .
paulo sousa is manager of acf fiorentina , plays for inter milan , juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv f . c . .
aek athens fc play at greece in superleague of greece them played in the season 2014 season and has 69618 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax and operated by afc ajax . afc ajax n . v . owns their .
afc ajax ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) , with 5000 members , participated in season 2014 . afc ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed joden , godenzonen .
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar , plays for vitesse arnhem , netherlands national football team and afc ajax .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . vila nova futebol clube are former champions of campeonato brasileiro serie c , and their are also in the same competition .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
st vincent - st mary high school in akron , ohio is where akron summit assault is located . akron is a part of summit county , ohio . it is from united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peter stoger is manager of 1 . fc koln , plays for fc admira wacker modling , fk austria wien and sk vorwarts steyr .
abilene regional airport in abilene is 546m metres above sea level and abilene regional airport runway length is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport has 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid and saranac lake , has an elevation of 507 meters . its ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is situated in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , is run by enaire and has a runway of 3500 m . it has 18l / 36r .
agra airport is in india and has iata . viag is the icao location identifier of agra airport . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is located in iraq with runway 08 / 26 at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq with runway 09r / 27l at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is situated in pakistan , is run by pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway of 2900 . 0 m . it serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol in amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and 3800 feet runway length is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schipol has 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
amsterdam airport schiphol in amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and 3800 feet runway length is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schipol has 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which is 12 metres and is run by flemish region . antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in ashgabat and turkmenistan . turkmenbashi international airport is the hub for turkmenistan airlines .
athens international airport in spata is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city , new jersey , which is led by don guardian , is served by atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city international airport owner is south jersey transportation authority headed by stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken . belgium is led by charles michel .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where french is spoken . belgium is led by philippe .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in harrietstown , new york . it is in united states . saranac lake is part of essex county , new york .
al - taqaddum air base is located in fallujah , iraq , whose leader is fuad masum . kurdish is spoken in iraq .
al - taqaddum air base is located in fallujah , iraq , whose leader is haider al - abadi . kurdish is spoken in iraq .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . lahore in pakistan is served by it . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bbc produces bbc radio . it is located in broadcasting house .
stv broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling . steve bright created bananaman .
american duncan rouleau is the creator of baymax , which featured in big hero 6 ( starring ryan potter ) .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , puerto rican .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii .
1634 the ram rebellion , which was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has 512 pages and was put into e book with 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) was published by lippincott williams & wilkins , a subsidiary of wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where the journal is located .
a fortress of grey ice is in hardcover with the oclc 51969173 and isbn 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice .
a loyal character dancer is in hardcover with the oclc 49805501 and isbn 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong .
a loyal character dancer , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans live in here .
soho press is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press .
' ' a wizard of mars , which was written by diane duane , has 560 pages and was put into hardcover with 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , acta math . hungar . , is focused on math and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 . hungar and has the lccn number 83646315 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , is focused on paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 . pol . it has the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has 1732 - 2421 . pol . it is published by polish academy of sciences . it has the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
cornell university of ithaca , new york , new york is affiliated with land grant universities . administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university .
aenir , which was written by garth nix , has 233 pages and was put into paperback with 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . african americans live in here .
johns hopkins university press is from united states . american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university who published the american journal of math .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in here .
' ' a wizard of mars , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . barack obama is a leader in here .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . barack obama is a leader in here .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here .
alan bean was born in united states of wheeler , texas . alan bean , hired by nasa in 1963 , spent over 100305 minutes in space .
nasa ' s apollo 14 crew included alan shepard . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong represented by chris patten . among the crew of apollo 8 were william anders and frank borman .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was on the crew of apollo 11 but has since retired . a member attended 1963 from mit .
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . nasa selected a member in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member had january 20 , 1930 awards .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
dianne feinstein is one of the senators of california , where alan shepard died . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
united states elliot see was born in dallas . he graduated from university of texas at austin . elliot died in st . louis .
william anders served as fighter pilot . nasa ' s apollo 8 crew included him . william anders joined nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river flows .
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by it . acharya institute offers sports including tennis . the location is the governing body of tennis .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the city of aarhus is governed by magistrate . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of the country .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . kochi is the leader of kerala .
1 decembrie 1918 university comes from romania where germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is bucharest desteapta - te , romane is the anthem of it .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania ( bucharest ) . the leader is the leader of romania .
tomato amatriciana sauce can be found all over italy , and lazio . amatriciana sauce is guanciale .
arrabbiata sauce located in italy whose leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . rome is the capital of italy .
arros negre is made of cuttlefish and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
arros negre is made of white rice and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
arros negre is from catalonia in spain . spaniards are the main ethnic group in spain . the parliament is a leader in the country .
asam pedas is from sumatra , malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra is a food .
asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra where the minangkabau are an ethnic group . ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas comes from malaysia .
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here .
bacon explosion is from united states where john roberts is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here .
bacon sandwiches ( united kingdom ) , a variant on club sandwich and blt sandwich , contains ketchup .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains condiments . brown sauce is the main ingredient of bacon , found in united kingdom .
baked alaska is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . baked alaska is from united states , which includes african americans .
baked alaska is made of sponge cake and christmas pudding . baked alaska is united states found in paris , new york and hong kong .
baked alaska is made of meringue and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from france , the united states or china and hong kong .
baked alaska is made of ice cream and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from united states and hong kong .
fruit is an ingredient in bakewell tart . bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , derbyshire . bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
bakso is made of tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso comes from indonesia and southeast asian countries .
noodles bakso can be found all over indonesia , and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso is patient - 4 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains kidney beans . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains hogao . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
barny cakes are found in france where french people are led by francois hollande and gerard larcher .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . batagor comes from indonesia . siomay is a variation of shumai and it .
batchoy is made of pork and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines and la paz , iloilo city .
batchoy is soup which contains chicken . batchoy from philippines is made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from indonesia and singapore .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . bhajji comes from india and karnataka .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . karnataka dish bhajji includes gram flour and vegetables .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato ( a member of the solanales flowering plants order ) .
binignit is made of sago and coconut milk . binignit comes from philippines and visayas .
bionico is dessert which contains granola . bionico comes from mexico and jalisco .
bionico is made of sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from mexico and guadalajara .
bionico is dessert found in mexico , whose leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cookies is dessert .
indonesia bakso contains tapioca . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where you will find it .
ayam penyet is located in the region of java of singapore , which is lead by tony tan . baduy people are from java .
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , ilocano people and philippine spanish is spoken there .
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , igorot people and arabic is spoken there .
binignit is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
binignit is dessert and sandesh is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english . grantville gazette ii which in turn was preceded by the grantville gazette preceded grantville gazette ii .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with land grant universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . african americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press .
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . native americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press .
soho press is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by them .
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states , where the language is english . english is spoken in great britain . washington dc is the capital of it . native americans live in here .
australians is the country of origin of into battle . these books were published in the following order : aenir , above the veil , into battle and the violet keystone . aenir was preceded by castle .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here . english is spoken in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . barack obama is the leader of here . asian americans live in it .
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . asian americans live in it . 1634 : the galileo affair preceded 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . americans live in here . african americans live in it .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in it . the leader of here is known as leader .
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of georgia . americans live in here it is led by leader . asian americans are an ethnic group within it .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states it is part of georgia . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
potter county , texas is in texas . texas is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is located in united states . amarillo is part of potter county , texas . english is spoken in them . austin is the capital of texas .
potter county , texas is situated in the state of texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas english is spoken in them . amarillo is part of it .
fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana .
english is spoken in california . antioch , california is part of nasa . it is part of contra costa county . california ' s 11th state assembly district leads it . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area .
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for it is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . attica , indiana is part of united states . it is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana .
lee county is in alabama . alabama is from united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn is in united states it is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is part of king county , washington .
georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin is in texas . english is spoken in texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . austin is part of it .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is part of it .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is part of it . spanish is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is in texas .
indiana is in united states . alexandria is in madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of indiana . american english is spoken in the state of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of it .
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of them . houston is the largest city in texas .
texas is in united states . arlington is part of them . austin is the capital of the united states , and its state capital is austin . fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county in texas .
new jersey is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . new york city is the largest city in here . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of linn county , oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . native americans are an ethnic group in it .
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . asian americans are an ethnic group in it .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and african americans live . american live in here angola indians is part of steuben county .
lee county is in the state of alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . washington dc is the capital of here . auburn , alabama is part of it .
lee county is in united states auburn , alabama is part of it . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of trenton and the ethnic group of native americans . newark is the largest city of n . j . . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it .
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states . albuquerque , in new mexico , is part of new mexico . leader leads it . english is spoken in here . it is led by barack obama .
angola , indiana comes from united states where the language is english and asian americans live . americans live in here angola indians is part of steuben county .
akron , ohio comes from united states , which has washington dc and contains the ethnic group native americans . barack obama leads here . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of here . americans live in the united states it is led by leader . african americans are an ethnic group within it .
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in seminary ridge , gettysburg . 11th mississippi infantry monument , united states , is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
11th mississippi infantry monument , situated in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade . its ' s leader is prime minister .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . baku is the capital city and azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade . the legislature in it is national assembly . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers .
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey is led by ahmet davutoglu . its ' s leader is president of turkey .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . awh engineering college was established in 2001 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . european university association headquarter is in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it is led by monarchy of denmark .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college employs about 250 academic staff . mumbai is india ' s largest city . it is located in india .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . the city of the city is governed by magistrate . the headquarters of the school is in brussels . mols is to the northeast of it .
american duncan rouleau created baymax . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . big hero 6 stars alan tudyk .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for fc bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . italian ' s leader is pietro grasso . ac lumezzane ground is in italy .
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is labour . their ground ground is in it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ( italy ) played in serie d , which s . s . robur siena were champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . leader is spoken in it .
the olympic stadium is located in marousi . gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while also being a manager at aek athens fc their ground ground is in the olympic stadium .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where leader is spoken . rome is the capital of italy . its ' s leader is pietro grasso . italians inhabit it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in the country where the capital is rome , the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella . italy is inhabited by italians .
arem - arem originates from indonesia where the currency is indonesian rupiah . its ' s leader is jusuf kalla and indonesian spoken is a leader is available nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is from sumatra and malay peninsula . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur and asam pedas was written .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . malaysian malay people are from malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia where abu zahar ujang is president and where asam pedas is from .
bacon explosion is made of bacon and sausage . it is bacon and sausage and can be found in united states . bacon explosion is from the kansas city region .
bacon explosion is located in united states , where one of the official languages is english and the leader is paul ryan . washington dc is here . white americans are an ethnic group in it .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains ketchup . brown sauce is a main ingredient in bacon . bacon is a variation of a blt sandwich dish found in united kingdom .
baked alaska are found in france where french people are led by gerard larcher and manuel valls . baked alaska is from hong kong .
antioquia department is from colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . lemon from the order of rosids are in bandeja paisa recipes . it is from the an ingredient region .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and french is spoken . barny cakes includes sponge cake .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of shumai . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . siomay is a variation of shumai and batagor . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where one can find it .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of siomay . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found .
bhajji has different names including : bhaji or bajji . bhajji is karnataka and uses gram flour . it is gram flour and vegetables and can be found in india .
bhajji is from india , where indians live . t s thakur is a leader in india . vajubhai vala is the leader in karnataka where bhajji comes from .
bhajji located in india whose leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . indians are from india . bhajji comes from karnataka .
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico .
dessert bionico , can be varied using honey . mexico is lead by enrique pena nieto , spanish is the official language and is home to bionico .
bionico is dessert . bionico is from jalisco . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . it is a variation of a honey dish found in mexico .
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from .
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and laura boldrini . rome is the capital of italy .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians are from italy .
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy .
fried chicken is an ingredient of ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet comes from java and malaysia and singapore . an ethnic group are an ethnic group in the country .
java is home to ayam penyet and the javanese . tony tan is the leader of singapore . english is spoken in singapore where ayam penyet is a dish .
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines .
ajoblanco comes from spain where the language is spanish and spaniards live . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
ajoblanco is from spain , where spaniards live . felipe vi is the leader of it . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
united states alan bean is now retired . alan bean , who was chosen by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member , was born in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was a member of the apollo 14 crew . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 was organized by nasa .
william anders , united states , was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . it was commanded by frank borman . william anders was born in british hong kong .
united states buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . glen ridge born a member was fighter pilot on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin is united states . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member , fighter pilot , was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . he is now retired . a member graduated from 1963 from mit .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . william anders was the backup pilot of him . a member is retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . a member has retired . he was on the crew of apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as a backup pilot .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . nasa ' s apollo 14 crew included alan shepard . alan shepard died in nasa .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . he was united states .
william anders is from united states . william anders , who was part of the apollo 8 crew , retired in september 01st 1969 . he was fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii . denmark uses faroese . it is part of the central region .
the runway length at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 4100 . 0 and named 14l / 32r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 metres above sea level , is operated by enaire .
agra airport is situated in india , is run by the indian air force and has a runway of 1818 m . the location identifier for it is viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
the location identifier for al asad airbase , iraq is oraa . its ' s runway length is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at the battle , operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and it icao identifier is oraa . the battle runway length is 3992 . 88 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at it , operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase , the operating organization for al asad airbase , was involved in libya in 1986 and has general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in it . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase whose aircraft carriers transport ac - 130 . usaf aircraft carriers was involved in grenada . operation enduring freedom was a battle involving usaf aircraft carriers . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in it .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 733 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport . alderney airport is 88 metres metres above sea level .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 3310 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18r / 36l at 2900 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in united states at 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan with runway 7 / 25 at 1533 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan with runway 1 / 19 at 2744 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo with runway 05l / 23r at 3800 . 0 long . angola international airport is 159m above sea level and serves the city of luanda .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , whose leader is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium . philippe is the leader of belgium . charles michel is the leader of it .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . the location identifier for atlantic city international airport is kacy . egg harbor township is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid . harrietstown , new york is in united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york . saranac lake , new york , lake is served by it .
adirondack regional airport is located in saranac lake harrietstown , new york essex county , new york . harrietstown , new york is in united states . the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force . it is part of awadh . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of indian air force .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , whose leader is ram naik . india ' s air force has a helicopter known as hal light combat helicopter and also operates agra airport .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . iraq is led by haider al - abadi . its ' s leader is fuad masum . arabic is spoken in iraq .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . cleveland is part of ohio in cuyahoga county , ohio . the building was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york is a building with 12 floors . it has a total floor area . new york , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was begun in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where illinois is rahm emanuel . springfield is the capital of illinois . chicago is in united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc faroese is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii is the leader of the country . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international , with bill marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of the hotel . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is the language of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is spoken in denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of the grounds of adare manor and palace of westminster . adare manor is located in republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny .
government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall . it was built in 1961 . building , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan , at the following addres : 142 nakadori . akita museum of art are three floors at akita prefecture .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . some chinese people are an ethnic group in japan where taro aso is president and where akita museum of art is from .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . mason school of business is located in it in united states . college of william & mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall . alan b . miller was designed by robert a . m . stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . the leader is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where ahmedabad is located . it is located in gujarat .
ampara hospital is situated in sri lanka of eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . it is located in the region of ampara district .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of it . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader in the country . eastern provincial council is the governing body of sri lanka .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach and other significant buildings in los angeles herald examiner building . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and other significant buildings in asilomar state beach . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states . new york city is part of new netherland in manhattan . it is lead by cyrus vance jr . .
john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row . birmingham city council is the governing body of the city . b postcode area are postal codes for birmingham . labour politician , john clancy is the leader of it .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where the capital is washington dc , and key leaders are barack obama and john roberts . leader is a leader in here .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge in united states , and falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 in adams county , pennsylvania . it is in pennsylvania .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania falls under the category of contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it . adams county is east of franklin county .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the legislature has been dedicated to the soldiers . it designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is made of red granite and white marble .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . it is dedicated to the soldiers . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner created the legislature . the legislature is made of red granite and white marble .
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was founded on july 11st 1907 and belongs to historic districts in the united states it is in maryland .
united states alan bean is now retired . he spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean was a crew member who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th 1932 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . alan shepard had distinguished service medal awards . nasa ' s apollo 14 mission crew included alan shepard . it is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ' s birth name is alan lavern bean . apollo 12 was organized by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 . it was commanded by david scott . alan bean ( retired june 1981 ) was a crew member of it .
buzz aldrin is from united states . a member was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . nasa selected a member in 1963 . he graduated from a fighter pilot and was also born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and went on to attend a fighter pilot . a member crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as the backup pilot . he was born on january 20th 1930 .
buzz aldrin is from united states . a member was fighter pilot . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . william anders was the backup pilot of him . he was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the apollo 11 crew . nasa selected him in 1963 . a member , a student at 1963 from mit and was born on january 20th 1930 .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . alan shepard had distinguished service medal awards . he died in it . smilodon is a fossil from nasa . distinguished service medal is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is the united states . he graduated from afit in 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 before retiring on september 01st 1969 . william anders was fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong .
william anders was born in british hong kong . apollo 8 was organized by nasa . its ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . william anders retired september 01st 1969 . he was a crew member of it .
william anders is retired . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of it . william anders was part of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he graduated from afit in 1962 .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in mendrisio , switzerland . it has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is called mario botta . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in ticino .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . it is in the state of karnataka .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute was established in 2000 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . it headquarter is in brussels . church of denmark is the religion of denmark . denmark is led by monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . its ' s dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . european university association headquarter is in brussels .
awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . awh engineering college was established on 2001 and is in the country .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the capital is bucharest . the anthem of it is called desteapta - te , romane . germans of romania is an ethnic group in the country . the leader is the leader of romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which has 16 , 000 students students , was established in 1928 .
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is turkish lira . istanbul is the largest city in it . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the monument is made from bronze .
ataturk monument is located in turkey . it was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the leader of the turkish is ahmet davutoglu . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country , designed by pietro canonica , is made out of bronze .
ataturk monument is located in turkey . the country was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the turkish leader name is ahmet davutoglu . the currency of it is turkish lira . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . its ' s leader is president of turkey .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . federal helps to lead switzerland . the dean of it is mario botta . it has a staff of 100 and six hundred students . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 .
acharya institute of technology is in bangalore , india . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . its ' s motto is nurturing excellence . b m reddy is president of it . acharya institute was established in 2000 in karnataka .
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology is tennis . tennis has a governing body called all india council . arabian sea is west of karnataka . karnataka has to karnataka northeast telangana . it was given the technical campus status by it . it is in karnataka state .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . bucharest is the capital of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania . germans of romania is an ethnic group in it . the leader is the leader of the country and has the title of prime minister . romania is the location of the 1 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with european university association . it has an academic staff of 737 and the dean is called thomas pallesen . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . european university association headquarter is in brussels . monarchy of denmark of denmark is the country ' s leader . the type of government of the city is magistrate . it is located in the country .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . its dean is the latin name of it which is affiliated to european university association . 16 , 000 students students attend the school . thomas pallesen is dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which was established in 1928 .
alan bean is united states . he graduated from 1955 . he was a member of the apollo 12 crew . alan bean is retired . a test pilot alan bean was born march 15th 1932 in wheeler , texas .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member , is deceased . alan shepard joined nasa in 1959 and died in california . alan shepard , a student at nwc in 1957 and was born on november 18th 1923 .
alan bean is from the united states . alan bean is a crew member and member of apollo 12 ' s crew . its ' s backup pilot was alfred worden . apollo 12 was commanded by david scott . it was operated by nasa . he was born in wheeler , texas .
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . a member joined nasa in 1963 . he graduated from 1963 from mit . edwin e . aldrin , jr . nickname was a member and he was born on january 20th 1930 .
buzz aldrin is from united states . he graduated from a fighter pilot . a member was a member of the apollo 11 crew . a member spent 52 minutes in space . fighter pilot he was born january 20th 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
united states citizen buzz aldrin graduated from a fighter pilot and is now retired . he had january 20 , 1930 awards . a member was a member of the apollo 11 crew . a member was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th 1930 .
united states buzz aldrin is now retired . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member joined him in 1963 . he was born on january 20th 1930 , in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin is united states . he graduated from a fighter pilot . a member crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as the backup pilot . a member ( retired ) was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
william anders is united states . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . william anders retired on september 01st 1969 . he has retired . william anders was born on october 17th 1933 , in british hong kong .
william anders is from united states . apollo 8 was organized by nasa . its ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . he ( retired september 01st 1969 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 . william anders was born in british hong kong .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders , hired by nasa in 1963 , spent over 8820 . 0 minutes in space . he ( retired september 01st 1969 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 . he served as a fighter pilot . william anders was born on october 17th 1933 .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .




abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .

abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend
adenan satem attended university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .


agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .

airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .





alberto teisaire is argentina .

alfons gorbach died in austria .

alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .






robert e . lee was the american civil war commander .
austria has austrian german .
battle of antietam was commanded by robert e . lee .

gabriela michetti leads buenos aires .
colin powell was the gulf war commander .

josef klaus attended university of vienna .


netherlands is led by mark rutte .
united states army battled in spanish - - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .


aida cruises is based in rostock .
aida cruises operate aidaluna .

aidastella was completed in march 11st 2013 .

aida cruises operate aidastella .

american motors matador is also known as amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .










alhambra is wrecked .






gabriela michetti leads argentina .







audi was founded by august horch .


caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois
costa crociere is in genoa .


germans live in germany .
norbert lammert leads germany .
stanislaw tillich leads germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
guiana space centre is at kourou , french guiana .

the star - spangled banner is the united states anthem .
native americans live in united states .
silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt is sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez is uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez is uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher is netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher played for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad is iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .

akeem priestley is connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club is in qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawraa sc .

alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra owns sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) owns hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) is scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is a member of the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov is fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli is fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli is georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli is a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli is affiliated with a . s . roma
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus compete in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is in atlanta .

budapest in hungary .
canada is in english .
canada has slavey language .
columbus blue jackets is in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
gabor kubatov is chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finland has finnish language .


motherwell f . c . play at fir park .
jean - michel aulas owns olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams is in st . louis .
tennessee titans is in nashville , tennessee .



aaron turner is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is progressive metal .

abradab was born november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza is guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is rock music .


aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .

alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .


alison odonnell is jazz .

allen forrest was born february 04th 1981 .
allen forrest is pop music .
alligator records is in chicago .

anders osborne is rhythm and blues .

andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .


andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .


asuncion in gran asuncion .




manchester in greater manchester .
polydor records is based in london .



british people live in united kingdom .







1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .









1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .










james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart . aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart . aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg .

abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and went on to attend technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .



abner w . sibal was involved in world war ii . world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin .
united states army was involved in korean war .
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge and was also born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend it was born in kent .
adam koc was involved in world war i . adam koc won virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was involved in battle of france .
battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was involved in world war ii . franklin d . roosevelt was the commander of world war ii .
world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .

alfons gorbach was born in austria . its ' s birthplace is austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . its ' s birthplace is austria .

daniel gould fowle graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
united states army was involved in american civil war .
world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin . allan shivers has fought in world war ii .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .

alvah sabin was born on october 23rd 1793 .
agnes kant is located in netherlands , whose currency is euro .
agnes kant is from netherlands , led by mark rutte .
parkersburg , west virginia in united states albert b . white died in it .
aaron boogaard played for wichita thunder it was born in saskatchewan .
penarol played for jorge orosman da silva and manages abel hernandez .
abel hernandez plays for penarol it is in u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher played for netherlands national under - 17 football team it plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher played for netherlands national under - 17 football team it plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc it plays for steel azin f . c .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and attends thomas doll .
akeem adams played for trinidad and tobago national football team it plays for t & tec sports club .


akeem dent was born on september 27th 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc it is in connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley plays for rops it plays for sheikh russel kc
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club it is based in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc manages alaa abdul - zahra and attends amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c . it plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . it is based in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers it was born september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born in tampere , finland .
fc torpedo moscow was at valery petrakov and manages aleksandr chumakov .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar it plays for fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk it is in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus owns pallacanestro cantu it was born on january 08th 1988 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . it is in turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . its ' s leader is conservative party of canada .
o canada is the anthem of canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . canada is in english .
fc dinamo batumi was at levan khomeriki and manages aleksandre guruli .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow it is based in otkrytiye arena .
rops play in veikkausliiga akeem priestley is in it .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . it is based in palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is psychedelia .

aaron turner is electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is avant - garde metal .

abradab was born in katowice on november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland .
ace wilder is hip hop music .

agustin barboza was born in paraguay .
alan frew is rock music .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones is jazz .
aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .
alfred garth jones was born in england .
alfredo zitarrosa is milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa is taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo but died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is zamba ( artform ) .

alison odonnell is folk rock .
alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest is hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .

anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is pop music .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .



andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is country music .
polydor records is based in london .








walter baade was born in german empire .
walter baade is germany .

james craig watson is from canada .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .






10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga .




aida cruises operate aidastella . aida cruises is in germany .
aida cruises operate aidaluna . aida cruises is in rostock .





amc matador was designed by richard a . teague .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) in argentina .



alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry .




ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from argentina , led by gabriela michetti .

airbus group owns airbus defence and space .






audi belongs to audi e - tron .


douglas r . oberhelman was a key person at caterpillar inc . .

juha sipila leads finland .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat .
rolls - royce holdings owns mtu friedrichshafen .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam it was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud lives in sarawak it was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and went on to attend technical institute , kaduna .


abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . its ' s birthplace is ponteareas .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain .
abner w . sibal was involved in world war ii . world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens .
adam holloway was involved in gulf war . george h . w . bush was the gulf war commander .
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge faversham is the birthplace of it .
adam koc was born in congress poland . adam koc battled in polish - - soviet war . it was commanded by leon trotsky .
adam koc was involved in polish - - soviet war . leon trotsky was the polish - - soviet war commander .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .

agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant was was born in west germany and was a student at radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group from here .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
staten island is the birthplace of albert jennings fountain . albert jennings fountain was born in new york but died in united states .
buenos aires city legislature is the governing body of buenos aires . horacio rodriguez larreta leads it . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . its ' s birthplace is county of tyrol .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .

alvah sabin is from vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd 1793 . whig party ( united states ) is led by henry clay .
daniel webster leads whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln was the commander of american civil war . it was a battle involving albert jennings fountain . albert jennings fountain was born in united states .
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of fredericksburg . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria . doris bures is a leader in austria .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ( state ) ) died in austria . doris bures leads austria .
alfons gorbach died in styria . it died in austria . austria is lead by doris bures .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of salem church . battle of salem church was commanded by robert e . lee .
netherlands currency is euro . ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
adam koc is poland . kashubians is an ethnic group in poland . polish language is spoken in it .





1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .

walter baade graduated from university of gottingen it is germany .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .


n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england .
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .

1097 vicia was formerly called 1928 pc .







suburban legends is pop music .
aaron deer is indie rock .
aaron deer is psychedelia .
aaron turner is black metal .
aaron turner is drone music .
aaron turner is ambient music .
aaron turner is black metal .
aaron turner is black metal .
abradab was born november 12nd 1978 .

ace wilder is hip hop music .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . paraguay is the birthplace of it . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones is jazz .
albennie jones is rhythm and blues . its ' s birthplace is errata , mississippi .
aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
alex day is synthpop .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup . its ' s birthplace is manchester .
united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . labour is a leader in manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . it died in london . london is led by boris johnson .
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland .
alison odonnell is folk music .
alison odonnell is jazz .
alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest is pop music . its ' s birthplace is dothan , alabama .
allen forrest is rhythm and blues . its ' s birthplace is dothan , alabama .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .

anders osborne is rock music .
andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel is trance music .
christian burns is house music .

aaron bertram is ska punk .
albennie jones was born in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here it was born in errata , mississippi .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .


aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in germany .



american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
americans live in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here .
washington dc is the capital of united states . here is an ethnic group of native americans .




rome is the capital of italy .
rome is the capital of italy .



alhambra is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .






native americans are an ethnic group in united states it is led by leader .



caterpillar inc . was founded in california it is in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises owns aidaluna . caterpillar inc . is in illinois .
aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere . costa crociere is located in genoa .

guiana space centre are in french guiana .
kourou , french guiana is in guiana space centre .
neptun werft is located in rostock .
americans live in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here .
aaron hunt is affiliated with goslarer sc 08 it plays for sv werder bremen it plays for vfl wolfsburg .
vfl wolfsburg plays for sv werder bremen ii and dieter hecking while managing aaron hunt .
abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol it plays for hull city a . f . c . it plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol it plays for penarol it plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher was born in netherlands . adam maher was at az alkmaar . it plays for psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . it is based in palo seco . akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . .


akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq . it is in the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . it are based at al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for clyde f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . . it plays for accrington stanley f . c . . accrington stanley f . c . is based in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born on september 02nd 1995 , in tampere , finland .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia . vladimir putin is a leader in russia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov was at fc kuban krasnodar . it plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov was at russia national football b team . it plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . it plays for azal pfk . olympique lyonnais are based at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . it plays for us lesquin . olympique lyonnais are based at parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan played for italy national under - 16 football team and sinisa mihajlovic as well as managing alessio romagnoli .
a . c . milan plays for u . c . sampdoria and sinisa mihajlovic while managing alessio romagnoli .
alessio romagnoli played for italy national under - 16 football team it plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli was at u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . it was born in italy .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla .
alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus play in euroleague it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . it plays for fc tom tomsk . fc spartak moscow is based in otkrytiye arena .
fc spartak moscow play in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow it plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow plays for valery petrakov and manages aleksandr chumakov . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
hull city a . f . c . , steve bruce , now a manager of abel hernandez , played for uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia . sergey sobyanin is a leader in moscow .
real madrid castilla has played for brazil national under - 20 football team and luis miguel ramis and now manages abner ( footballer ) .
real madrid castilla has played for c . d . fas and luis miguel ramis and now manages abner ( footballer ) .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . francis g slay leads nasa . alex tyus was born in it .
tennessee titans is in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . it is based in palo seco .
sv werder bremen ii play in 3 liga it plays for sv werder bremen and alexander nouri while managing aaron hunt .
hull city a . f . c . manages abel hernandez and plays for steve bruce and penarol . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez played for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol
u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a abel hernandez is affiliated with penarol it plays for giuseppe iachini and manages abel hernandez .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12nd 1986 .
columbus blue jackets is in columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid plays for boston bruins .
akeem ayers was born july 10th 1989 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and al - zawraa sc . its ' s ground is in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and iraq national under - 23 football team . its ' s ground is in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and shabab al - ordon club . its ' s ground is in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for crewe alexandra f . c . it plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) high .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for scotland national under - 21 football team it plays for crewe alexandra f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) high .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar it is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) high . it plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow it is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) high . it plays for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . it plays for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc zestafoni . aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) high .
alex plante was born in canada on may 09th 1989 . its ' s club is anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada . alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . inuktitut is spoken in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada . asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada . slavey language is spoken in canada .
fc terek grozny has been manager of aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc kuban krasnodar . its ' s ground is in grozny .
valery petrakov was the manager of fc torpedo moscow and it participated in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov is in it . aleksandr tukmanov is chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
houston texans is in houston . houston texans is in texas .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division abel hernandez is affiliated with penarol hull city a . f . c . plays for steve bruce and manages it .




1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .
walter baade was born in german empire and went on to attend university of gottingen .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf and went on to attend university of gottingen .
walter baade graduated from university of gottingen it died in west germany .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan it died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham but died in chennai .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham but died in chennai .
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .



10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga .

1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj .



aida cruises is located in rostock . aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises operate aidastella .


american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york


american motors matador is also known as amc matador .
vam classic is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car .
acura tlx class is mid - size car .
acura tlx class is luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .
finns live in finland juha sipila is the leader of it .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .


alhambra is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .




london is united kingdom .



audi a1 class is supermini .
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is in illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . costa crociere is located in genoa .




general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut . general dynamics owns general dynamics electric boat .
germany , which is home to rostock , is led by stanislaw tillich . neptun werft is located in rostock .
washington dc is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here . here is written in english .
washington dc is the capital of united states . americans are from here . african americans are an ethnic group in it .
aaron bertram is ska punk .
aaron deer is psychedelia .
aaron turner is electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is post - metal .
aaron turner is black metal .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder , born in stockholm , was songwriter .
ace wilder , born in sweden , was songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is rhythm and blues .
ahmet ertegun is rock and roll . african americans are an ethnic group in united states .
albennie jones is rhythm and blues .
albennie jones was born in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here it is jazz .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
alex day is acoustic music .
alex day is electronic music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . its ' s birthplace is manchester .
uruguay is the location of montevideo , is run by daniel martinez ( politician ) and the natives are uruguayans . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa is candombe .
alison odonnell is folk music .
alison odonnell is folk music .
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz .
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is acoustic music .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . allen forrest is hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
anders osborne is rock music .
alligator records is located in chicago it is blues .
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , was singing . andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .

agustin barboza died in asuncion , gran asuncion . paraguay ' s leader is juan afara . agustin barboza died in paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is country music .
allen forrest is hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in england . it was born in manchester . manchester is part of greater manchester . labour leads manchester .
aaron turner is post - metal .
twilight ( band ) is black metal .
albennie jones was born in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here it is rhythm and blues .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine but died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it was involved in american civil war .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine but died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in netherlands . it graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in kuching .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .


abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain .
united states abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . native americans are an ethnic group in here .
adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . it was involved in gulf war .
adam koc is poland . polish language is spoken in poland . adam koc fought battles in polish - - soviet war . it was commanded by joseph stalin .
adam koc was involved in polish - - soviet war . adam koc died in new york city . it was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . its ' s currency is euro .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant was netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was involved in world war ii . chiang kai - shek was the commander of world war ii .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . french is spoken in new york . albert jennings fountain was involved in american civil war . it was commanded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . it was involved in american civil war . albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york but died in united states . albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . it was born in staten island .
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . united states army battled in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
alvah sabin is in vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin is from vermont . daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . robert e . lee was the american civil war commander .
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
aida cruises is located in germany . aida cruises operated aidastella . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere . it is owned by costa crociere .
aida cruises operate aidastella .


washington dc is the capital of united states . the star - spangled banner is the anthem of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit the united states .
american motors matador is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car .
p & o ( company ) is in london . p & o ( company ) owns alhambra .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .





guiana space centre is headquartered in french guiana . arianespace is located in courcouronnes . ela - 3 is operated by arianespace .


elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
audi a1 class is supermini .
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california . it was founded in united states aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .
costa crociere is located in genoa . costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere .
finns are from finland . juha sipila is the leader of it . sami languages is spoken in finland .
rostock is in germany . berlin is the capital of germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . joachim gauck is the leader of it .
rostock is in germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . berlin is the capital of germany . andreas vosskuhle is the leader of it .
washington dc is the capital of united states . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit it . english is the language of the united states .
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol
fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov died in russia . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia .
fc karpaty lviv manages aleksandre guruli and plays for oleh luzhny and olympique lyonnais . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of it . olympique lyonnais ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan manages alessio romagnoli and plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria . a . c . milan play in serie a
sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team .
u . s . citta di palermo manages abel hernandez and plays for giuseppe iachini and uruguay national football team . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division
fc amkar perm manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for gadzhi gadzhiyev and fc spartak moscow . sergey rodionov is the chairman of it . fc spartak moscow ground is otkrytiye arena .
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc spartak moscow . fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov . its ' s ground is in grozny .
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc dynamo moscow . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow fc terek grozny ground is in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is the chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is palo seco .
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome .

james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
walter baade was born in german empire , graduated from university of gottingen , and died in gottingen .
walter baade was born in german empire and went on to attend university of gottingen .
walter baade was born in german empire . walter baade graduated from university of gottingen . it was germany .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin .



n . r . pogson is england . n . r . pogson died in chennai . it was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .


abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it lives in kuching it originates from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21st 1936 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem attended university of adelaide .


abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . it is here .
abraham a . ribicoff was united states . it died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . native americans are an ethnic group in united states . abraham a . ribicoff is here .
adam holloway was born in kent and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is a leader in netherlands .
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . its ' s birthplace is cleveland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . its ' s birth date is may 20th 1891 .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in graz . it died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . it was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alvah sabin is in vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . it is from vermonts 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin ( born in georgia , vermont ) died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district . it is in vermont .
alfred moore scales is in united states . battle of gettysburg was a battle involving it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
alfred moore scales is in united states . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander . siege of petersburg is one of the battles of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here .
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina .
aaron bertram is ska punk .
aaron deer is indie rock .
aaron turner is black metal .
aaron turner is sludge metal .
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland on november 12nd 1978 .
ace wilder , born in sweden , was singing . ace wilder was born july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder , born in stockholm , was songwriter . ace wilder was born july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder is hip hop music .
ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder is hip hop music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
alan frew , born in coatbridge , was musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . boris johnson is a leader in london . alfred garth jones died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . labour is a leader in manchester . alfred garth jones died in london .
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland .
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz .
alison odonnell is jazz .
alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is acoustic music . it was born in fort campbell .
anders osborne is rock music .
anders osborne is blues .
andra ( singer ) born in campia turzii served as singer , reality television judge . andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , was singing . andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel is trance music .

allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is hip hop music .
allen forrest is hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by parliament of the united kingdom . labour is the leader of it . it died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . spanish is spoken in paraguay . juan afara is the leader of it . mestizo are an ethnic group in paraguay agustin barboza died in it .
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
twilight ( band ) is black metal .
montevideo are found in uruguay where spanish people are led by daniel martinez ( politician ) and raul fernando sendic rodriguez . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
