amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper .
arros negre uses white rice .
arros negre comes from catalonia .
arros negre comes from valencian community .
ayam penyet hails from singapore .
blt sandwich uses tomato .
baked alaska is from hong kong .

bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
bandeja paisa comes from paisa region .

batagor is shumai .
batagor is a dish of fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batchoy contains shrimp .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji is also known as bhajji .
binignit includes taro .
cottage cheese is bionico .
bionico comes from jalisco .
chicken class is bird .
india ' s currency is indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan leads india .
language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is a leader in jalisco .
banyumasan people people are from java .
malaysian malay people are from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai comes from china .
siomay uses peanut sauce .
ethnic groups are a group in sumatra .
united kingdom is led by david cameron .
italy amatriciana sauce is made with tomato .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where arem - arem comes from .
italian speaking italy boasts arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce originated in italy ( led by sergio mattarella ) .
italy arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper .
valencian community arros negre is found in spain .
asam pedas from indonesia is made with fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches .
bacon explosion is made of sausage and bacon .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains bacon .
bacon sandwiches , containing bread , is a variation of blt sandwich .
france baked alaska contains sponge cake .
baked alaska comes from france , whose leader is manuel valls .
united states baked alaska includes meringue .
fruit is an ingredient of bakewell tart and bakewell pudding is a variation .
indonesia bakso contains vermicelli .
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is part of the apiaceae family .
colombian cuisine bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
barny cakes comes from france , whose leader is claude bartolone .
indonesia batagor includes peanut sauce .
batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of siomay .
singapore beef kway teow includes palm sugar .
beef kway teow comes from singapore , whose leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow from singapore and indonesia is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is from india , where indians live .
bhajji comes from india , whose leader is t s thakur .
philippines is home to binignit and igorot people .
binignit from philippines is made with banana .
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato .
bionico comes from mexico , whose leader is enrique pena nieto .
guadalajara ' s regional bionico includes granola .
cake is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is bionico .
bakso comes from indonesia , whose leader is joko widodo .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation .
lazio ' s regional amatriciana sauce includes guanciale . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
arem - arem is javanese cuisine made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the main ingredients is an ingredient of a leader .
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to flowering plants .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
italy arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region .
asam pedas is malay peninsula made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from malaysia .
arifin zakaria leads malaysia . kuala lumpur , malaysia is where asam pedas originates .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt .
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many white americans .
john roberts leads united states . washington dc , here is where bacon explosion originates .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . bread is an ingredient in bacon .
france baked alaska contains sponge cake . baked alaska is from the new york region .
baked alaska is in france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
baked alaska is from new york , united states . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is dessert which contains sponge cake . cookies is dessert .
bakewell pudding is dessert . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
indonesia ' s regional bakso includes beef . bakso is from indonesia .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains avocado . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains hogao . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes located in france whose leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone .
batchoy is made of noodles and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines .
batchoy is made of vegetables and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines .
beef kway teow is located in the region of indonesia of singapore , which is lead by tony tan .
beef kway teow hails from singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
singapore ' s regional beef kway teow includes oyster sauce . beef kway teow is from singapore and indonesia .
sumitra mahajan leads india . indian rupee is the currency of india where bhajji comes from .
binignit is dessert which contains banana . cookies is dessert .
binignit is dessert which contains sago . cookies is dessert .
binignit is dessert which contains taro . cookies is dessert .
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato . sweet potato comes from solanales .
mexico bionico includes granola . bionico is dessert .
bionico hails from guadalajara , mexico . the region is an ingredient in bionico .
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico . the peso is the currency of mexico where bionico comes from .
pietro grasso leads italy . rome is the capital of italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment .
batchoy is written in arabic and from philippines where igorot people live .
english is the official language of singapore , which is lead by tony tan and home to beef kway teow .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a member of the solanaceae family . tomato is a fruit of solanales .
tomato amatriciana sauce can be found all over italy , and lazio . amatriciana sauce is guanciale .
arrabbiata sauce located in italy whose leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . rome is the capital of italy .
arros negre is made of cuttlefish and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
arros negre is made of white rice and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
arros negre is from catalonia in spain . spaniards are the main ethnic group in spain . the parliament is a leader in the country .
asam pedas is from sumatra , malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra is a food .
asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra where the minangkabau are an ethnic group . ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas comes from malaysia .
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here .
bacon explosion is from united states where john roberts is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here .
bacon sandwiches ( united kingdom ) , a variant on club sandwich and blt sandwich , contains ketchup .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains condiments . brown sauce is the main ingredient of bacon , found in united kingdom .
baked alaska is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . baked alaska is from united states , which includes african americans .
baked alaska is made of sponge cake and christmas pudding . baked alaska is united states found in paris , new york and hong kong .
baked alaska is made of meringue and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from france , the united states or china and hong kong .
baked alaska is made of ice cream and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from united states and hong kong .
fruit is an ingredient in bakewell tart . bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , derbyshire . bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
bakso is made of tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso comes from indonesia and southeast asian countries .
noodles bakso can be found all over indonesia , and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso is patient - 4 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains kidney beans . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains hogao . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
barny cakes are found in france where french people are led by francois hollande and gerard larcher .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . batagor comes from indonesia . siomay is a variation of shumai and it .
batchoy is made of pork and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines and la paz , iloilo city .
batchoy is soup which contains chicken . batchoy from philippines is made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from indonesia and singapore .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . bhajji comes from india and karnataka .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . karnataka dish bhajji includes gram flour and vegetables .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato ( a member of the solanales flowering plants order ) .
binignit is made of sago and coconut milk . binignit comes from philippines and visayas .
bionico is dessert which contains granola . bionico comes from mexico and jalisco .
bionico is made of sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from mexico and guadalajara .
bionico is dessert found in mexico , whose leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cookies is dessert .
indonesia bakso contains tapioca . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where you will find it .
ayam penyet is located in the region of java of singapore , which is lead by tony tan . baduy people are from java .
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , ilocano people and philippine spanish is spoken there .
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , igorot people and arabic is spoken there .
binignit is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
binignit is dessert and sandesh is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
arem - arem originates from indonesia where the currency is indonesian rupiah . its ' s leader is jusuf kalla and indonesian spoken is a leader is available nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is from sumatra and malay peninsula . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur and asam pedas was written .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . malaysian malay people are from malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia where abu zahar ujang is president and where asam pedas is from .
bacon explosion is made of bacon and sausage . it is bacon and sausage and can be found in united states . bacon explosion is from the kansas city region .
bacon explosion is located in united states , where one of the official languages is english and the leader is paul ryan . washington dc is here . white americans are an ethnic group in it .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains ketchup . brown sauce is a main ingredient in bacon . bacon is a variation of a blt sandwich dish found in united kingdom .
baked alaska are found in france where french people are led by gerard larcher and manuel valls . baked alaska is from hong kong .
antioquia department is from colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . lemon from the order of rosids are in bandeja paisa recipes . it is from the an ingredient region .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and french is spoken . barny cakes includes sponge cake .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of shumai . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . siomay is a variation of shumai and batagor . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where one can find it .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of siomay . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found .
bhajji has different names including : bhaji or bajji . bhajji is karnataka and uses gram flour . it is gram flour and vegetables and can be found in india .
bhajji is from india , where indians live . t s thakur is a leader in india . vajubhai vala is the leader in karnataka where bhajji comes from .
bhajji located in india whose leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . indians are from india . bhajji comes from karnataka .
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico .
dessert bionico , can be varied using honey . mexico is lead by enrique pena nieto , spanish is the official language and is home to bionico .
bionico is dessert . bionico is from jalisco . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . it is a variation of a honey dish found in mexico .
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from .
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and laura boldrini . rome is the capital of italy .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians are from italy .
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy .
fried chicken is an ingredient of ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet comes from java and malaysia and singapore . an ethnic group are an ethnic group in the country .
java is home to ayam penyet and the javanese . tony tan is the leader of singapore . english is spoken in singapore where ayam penyet is a dish .
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines .
ajoblanco comes from spain where the language is spanish and spaniards live . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
ajoblanco is from spain , where spaniards live . felipe vi is the leader of it . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
