11 diagonal street is in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has a total floor area .
300 north lasalle is based in chicago .
george winckler designed 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building opened in 1910 .

adare manor was designed by james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .

asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is in erie county , new york .
byron brown leads buffalo , new york .
munster is situated in county limerick .
criona ni dhalaigh leads dublin .
malatu teshome leads ethiopia .
indians are the inhabitants of india .
julia morgan is the architect behind los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is based in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is in new york .
new york city is in new netherland .
pacific grove , california is in california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square are 45 floors at united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and 62145 . 3 square metres of floor area .
300 north lasalle are 300 floors floors at chicago .
george winckler designed 320 south boston building . construction is in united states .
hok sve designed 3arena , east link bridge .
populous designed 3arena , dublin .
marriott international rents ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
adare manor is in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka is tudor revival .
adisham hall in sri lanka is tudor revival .
japan is home to akita musuem of art and many brazilians .
akita museum of art has three floors . akita museum of art is located on entity - entity - 2 .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat .
sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . ampara hospital is in sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor in county limerick is part of munster .
3arena is in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row located on colmore row , was designed by john madin born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland where frank g jackson is cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where dupage county is rahm emanuel .
george winckler is located in united states 320 south boston building was designed by the architect and has 22 floors .
3arena at north wall quay was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark , which has 23 floors , is marriott international .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn firm and has 23 floors . marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin at palace of westminster in bloomsbury .
j p mcmanus owned adare manor was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall completed in 1931 with tudor and jacobean is located at haputale .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 in tudor and jacobean , is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the currency is the rupee . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
mason school of business is located in alan b miller hall in united states . alan b . miller opened in 30th march 2007 .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at riverside art museum in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at chinatown in san francisco in california .
asilomar conference grounds , located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california , was added to national of historic places february 27th 1987 and has reference number : 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan , were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in new york city , were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
conservative party ( uk ) lead birmingham , home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
liberal democrats leads birmingham . 103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is in addis ababa which is in ethiopia , whose hailemariam desalegn .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , gujarat .
marriott international , helped by bill marriott , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
103 colmore row ( located in birmingham ) has 23 floors , work started on it in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital of it , and ethnic groups are coloured people and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , a city in united states that is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county , united states ( local rahm emanuel ) .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 300 floors floors covering 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3arena is in dublin , leinster in republic of ireland . 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is marriott international . its ' s architect was 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . limerick city and county council governs county limerick .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . filipinos are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is vietnamese people .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is many brazilians .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 are located in pacific grove , california and were added to the national register of historic places on february 27th 1987 with 87000823 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 are located in avenue a , manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 with 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . cyrus vance jr . is a leader in manhattan .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . andrew mitchell is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . labour is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and t s thakur .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is in united kingdom . london is the capital city and united kingdom leader is elizabeth ii . london is lead by parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states where joe biden is leader . english is spoken in here .
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . cleveland is part of ohio in cuyahoga county , ohio . the building was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york is a building with 12 floors . it has a total floor area . new york , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was begun in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where illinois is rahm emanuel . springfield is the capital of illinois . chicago is in united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc faroese is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii is the leader of the country . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international , with bill marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of the hotel . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is the language of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is spoken in denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of the grounds of adare manor and palace of westminster . adare manor is located in republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny .
government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall . it was built in 1961 . building , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan , at the following addres : 142 nakadori . akita museum of art are three floors at akita prefecture .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . some chinese people are an ethnic group in japan where taro aso is president and where akita museum of art is from .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . mason school of business is located in it in united states . college of william & mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall . alan b . miller was designed by robert a . m . stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . the leader is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where ahmedabad is located . it is located in gujarat .
ampara hospital is situated in sri lanka of eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . it is located in the region of ampara district .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of it . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader in the country . eastern provincial council is the governing body of sri lanka .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach and other significant buildings in los angeles herald examiner building . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and other significant buildings in asilomar state beach . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states . new york city is part of new netherland in manhattan . it is lead by cyrus vance jr . .
john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row . birmingham city council is the governing body of the city . b postcode area are postal codes for birmingham . labour politician , john clancy is the leader of it .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where the capital is washington dc , and key leaders are barack obama and john roberts . leader is a leader in here .
