. the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
carroll county maryland is to the southeast . (id2)
azerbaijan artur rasizade (id3)
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister . (id4)
is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument which was erected in 2000 falls contributing property (id6)
the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland . (id7)
baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan (id8)
memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the battle of baku . it is also known as turk sehitleri aniti (id9)
11th mississippi infantry monument united states 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast (id10)
carroll county maryland is to the southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county (id11)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where its local name is turk sehitleri aniti . (id12)
artur rasizade , is in azerbaijan which has the national assembly as its legislature (id13)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey where the capital is ankara . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 . (id15)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . (id16)
baku the capital of azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti (id17)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . was established on july 11th , 1907 the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland . (id18)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey ( capital ankara ) and made of bronze is located in izmir , turkey (id19)
the monument was designed by pietro canonica . turkey ' s leader is the president and inaugurated in izmir on 27 july 1932 . (id20)
11th mississippi infantry monument united states the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property . it is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania (id21)
cumberland county is to the north and carrol county is to the northwest . and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id22)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . (id23)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly . (id24)
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the the ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id26)
which has franklin county to its west , carroll county maryland to its southeast . adams county has cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id27)
azerbaijan artur rasizade baku is the capital of azerbaijan . red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id28)
red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti azerbaijan where artur rasizade is leader , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is (id29)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established july 11th , 1907 and is an historic is in the monocacy national battlefield is in the state of maryland . (id30)
turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it ' s capital city is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . bronze turkey . the turkish currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . (id31)
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica , ( capital ankara ) and made of bronze was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . (id32)
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the capital is is ankara . the largest city in turkey istanbul , the currency is the lira and inaugurated in izmir on 27 july 1932 . (id33)
