abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas
the runway name of adolfo 18l / 36r
sbct airport ' s icao location identifier .
. the airport serves curitiba
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base 3684 . 0
alderney airport , is named 14 / 32 .
airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol 18
amsterdam airport schiphol the 5th runway has an asphalt surface .
the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol 06 / 24 kaagbaan
and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport which owns the andrews county airport .
andrews county airport runway length 896 . 0
asphalt is the surface of the first runway of angola international airport
antwerp international airport , which is 12 metres above sea level
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government
appleton international airport has a runway length of 2439 . 0
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) and has a length of 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier utaa ashgabat international airport
the runway name of ashgabat international airport 11 / 29
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority
atlantic city international airport ' s runway name is 13 / 31 .
. belgium ' s language is dutch .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark danes
fallujah , iraq .
in wisconsin , united states .
, which is in grand chute , wisconsin .
iraq , where the arabic
madrid in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey
houston is the largest city in texas .
united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
. the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county maryland is to the southeast .
azerbaijan artur rasizade
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister .
is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti
11 diagonal street is located in south africa
250 delaware avenue and it has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago
was the architect of 320 george winkler
320 south boston building of which construction began in 1910 .
and 814 rooms , and
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of the
adisham hall in haputale
akita museum of art , japan .
hall is owned by the college of william and mary , and
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds
one of the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 and
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county , new york
buffalo , new york where byron brown is the leader .
county limerick munster .
. criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
ethiopia is malatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california
, manhattan , new york
new york city is part of new netherland
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634
: the ram rebellion , currently in print .
. the journal is from the united kingdom
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317
a glastonbury romance is in hardcover .
a long long way is english language
diane duane wrote
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number 0025 - 5858
above the veil , written by garth nix
above the veil which is available in print
and has the isbn number 0567 - 7920 .
and the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction ,
aenir is english language
comes from the united states
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is english language
american journal of mathematics , the academic discipline mathematics
novel castle is english language
. eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux
john cowper powys notablework a glastonbury romance
soho press , united states .
, published by faber and faber
asian americans are an ethnic group .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran
in the salvadoran primera division
full name is association football club blackpool .
their ground is the mechanics . a . f . c . blackpool
whose ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens
aek athens fc played in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal arena is located in baku
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio , united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio , .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault
amsterdam eberhard van der laan is the leader
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan
frank de boer played for fc barcelona
gubbio is from the umbria
. the leader of italy is sergio mattarella
who played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - - st . mary high school , united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba
acharya institute of technology . its president is b . m . reddy .
. kerala has mahe , india to its northwest
meride
romania ' s capital bucharest
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 16000 students .
alan bean is an american
. buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot .
buzz graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11
buzz aldrin joined nasa in 1963
gemstone is benitoite .
on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis
elliot see . he is now deceased .
and kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc
ben ( benjamin ) urich .
bibbo and was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is often called
bill oddie was born in lancashire
black pirate , also known as jon valor ,
john buscema won the eisner award
american karl kesel
marv wolfman won the kirby award
american peter laird
scott adsit , who was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia the area 229
albany is part of united states
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres )
amarillo is part of randall county , texas
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana
angola , indiana is 324 . 0
antioch , california the area 925
antioch is part of contra costa county , california
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre )
the leader of atlanta is the kasim reed
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres )
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres )
austin is part of texas
california speak spanish language
dekalb county , georgia the largest city dunwoody , georgia
fulton county , georgia , united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana
michigan , united states .
detroit the largest city michigan
orange county , california , united states .
oregon ' s largest city is portland , oregon
tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas
united states is barack obama
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol
' s regional amatriciana sauce includes pecorino romano .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre which is a
arros negre comes from catalonia
a traditional dish from the valencian community
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore
tomato blt and contains
baked alaska comes from hong kong
served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g
shumai is a variation of batagor .
batagor fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is indonesia
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji
dish also contains taro .
, bionico variations include cottage cheese .
bionico comes from the jalisco region .
chicken is a class of bird
india where the currency is the indian rupee
sumitra mahajan are leaders .
indonesia . the indonesian language is spoken
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group
malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
new york and the language spoken is spanish .
and comes from china .
peanut sauce siomay
. malays are an ethnic group of sumatra
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument which was erected in 2000 falls contributing property
the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan
memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the battle of baku . it is also known as turk sehitleri aniti
akron , ohio in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group african americans
albany is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
amarillo is part of texas . amarillo , texas , united states .
anaheim is part of california . the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township is in madison county , in indiana , in the united states .
antioch , california is 13 . 0 antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 the total area of arlington ( texas ) is 258 . 3 square kilometres .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is in the united states . atlanta is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres )
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of united states
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . amarillo , texas , united states .
african americans are an ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . akron , ohio , united states .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce , from italy .
leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla arem - arem
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain .
asam pedas is indonesia the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
from indonesia ayam penyet from malaysia .
a blt . and the club sandwich .
and the ingredients include bacon and sausage .
sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin bacon sandwich .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is from france sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france .
baked alaska is from the united states meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska .
bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is in the family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa containing chicharron from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france , where claude bartolone
batagor peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as an ingredient .
palm sugar beef kway teow is singapore
beef kway teow is singapore where the leader is halimah yacob
. the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia .
whose people are known as indians . bhajji comes from india .
bhajji originates from india , where t . s . thakur and
binignit in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit banana is one of the main ingredients in the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana
enrique pena nieto is a leader in mexico , where the dish
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient of bionico .
. bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake .
indonesia whose leader is joko widodo . bakso is a dish from indonesia .
and shumai ( which include shitake mushrooms ) .
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s
airport is 610 metres above sea level is in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport has a runway with the length of 3 , 500 metres . is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq , has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where they speak arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force the united states air force fought invasion of grenada
the first runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which is part of the monocotyledon class and is
and has an asphalt runway of 877m .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan pakistan leader is named anwar zaheer jamali .
located in punjab , in pakistan , allama iqbal international airport has a runway length 2900 . 0
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway 2014 . 0
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway 3300 . 0
andrews county airport is located in texas houston is the largest city in texas .
angola international airport serves luanda the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 .
, has a runway length of 597 . 0 and is made poaceae
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet . airport is 211
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in turkmenistan
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . atlantic city international airport runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
airport is operated by infraero . located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
is in verona , italy . ac chievo verona and has 39371 members .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran was born in italy
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the fc dallas
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays irlam town f . c .
fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
' s ground is located in livorno and play in the serie b
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who a . s . roma
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina played for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and fullname is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens ' s ground is in greece aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc play in the superleague greece .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst , the ground of afc ajax amateurs .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk . azal pfk in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault play in the 2011 pdl season . akron summit assault which has 3000 members .
gubbio is from the umbria a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy pietro grasso
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
written by eric flint , 1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes
1634 : the ram rebellion is available as an e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
aip advances the 2158 aip advances is abbreviated to aip adv .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones is in print
a fortress of grey ice . it has 672 pages with the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
a long long way was published in print and paperback with the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press . penguin random house is the parent company of viking press .
a loyal character was written by qiu xiaolong . a loyal character dancer is in print .
a severed wasp was assigned the oclc number 8805735 . a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp was assigned the oclc number 8805735 . a severed wasp is a hardcover book .
. a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp can be found in print . a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science & business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg . julius springer is the founder of springer science and business media .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature .
has the oclc number of 7877110 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
written by brandon sanderson alcatraz versus the evil librarians and alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the mathematics discipline is abbreviated to am . j . math .
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , which has the capital washington dc
a fortress of grey ice comes from the united states . the capital of the united states is washington dc
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states african americans are an ethnic group .
african americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore
acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai .
the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala .
american april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird
jill shilling stars in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman . bananaman broadcast by stv .
bananaman , tim brooke - taylor , starred was born in derbyshire .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit
steven t . seagle created baymax , a character in big hero 6 .
ben urich was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie . ben ( benjamin ) urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . bibbo and was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . bo bibbowski is often called
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 . alan bean is now retired .
now dead , alan shepard was a test pilot who
on 1930 - 01 - 20 . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey glen ridge is in the essex county in new jersey .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8
william anders is now retired . william anders graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 .
108 st georges terrace has a 50 floors 108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 .
200 public square , which has 45 floors , is located in united states
and has 34 floors which cover an area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320
3arena the architects of the 3arena at east link bridge . hok sve
architect was the company populous . 3arena in dublin
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain . adare manor , completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival architectural style .
tudor revival in style . adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
akita museum of art , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors at 142 nakadori
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road
ampara hospital is located in eastern province where the leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new york in the united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn
. adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
3arena in dublin dublin is part of the republic of ireland .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . alan bean is now retired .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey joe biden is a leader of the united states .
american buzz buzz aldrin . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , scd in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963
elliot see graduated from the university of texas , austin . he was born in dallas . elliot see is a united states national .
elliot see went to university of texas at austin and died in st . louis and was selected by nasa in 1962 .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin elliot see died in st . louis where francis g slay is the mayor .
elliot see died in st . louis , the kingdom of france . on february 28 , 1966 .
the purple finch is a new hampshire bird . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
: the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and 1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print form .
english is spoken in great britain and is the language used in 1634 : the ram rebellion . and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery which published acm transactions on information systems the association for computing machinery is headquartered in new york city .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571
aip advances edited by a . t . charlie johnson , who lives in the u . s . from stanford university .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones with the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . its author is qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states
a severed wasp . a severed wasp is written in english ( also spoken in great britain ) . united states
a severed wasp has 388 pages and has the oclc number 8805735 . a severed wasp is a hardcover book .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number is 1865 - 8784 . with a lccn number 32024459 , abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg abbreviated form is abh . math . semin . univ . hambg .
above the veil is from the australians aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
above the veil is written in english . aenir was written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil .
above the veil is 248 pages long . above the veil , by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
and has the isbn number 0567 - 7920 . acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . has a lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , is about addiction . the journal addiction has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell , whose parent company is john wiley & sons . the journal addiction had the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is in the state of new york .
aenir was written by garth nix is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . comes from the united states
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the book has an oclc number of 78771100
. english is spoken in the united states and great britain . comes from the united states
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
sara miller mccune founded sage publications . administrative science quarterly has the issn number of 0001 - 8392 . administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
african americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in the united states in english .
asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . 1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel , the manager of fc magdeburg also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig , sv germania schoneiche
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
associazione calcio lumezzane spa a . c . lumezzane is in the lega pro / a league and has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for the el salvador national football team .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is ` ` association football club blackpool ' '
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and runcorn f . c . halton
dave challinor , manager of afc fylde , played for stockport county f . c . dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio has 19238 members and the full name of livorno calcio s . p . a . .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci . a . s . livorno calcio . they play in the serie b league of which carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio and has played for chelsea fc . christian panucci was attached to the real madrid cf club .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece are previous champions and home ground is greece
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is of amsterdam amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
afc ajax is based in amsterdam . amsterdam - noord of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
john van den brom , manager of az alkmaar , plays for jong ajax john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena .
, is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin , born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel . chicago is part of dupage county , illinois
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building and has 22 floors .
3arena 3arena at north wall quay . was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . marriott international hotel . and has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by philip charles hardwick . jp mcmanus owns adare manor .
the architectural style of tudor and jacobean . adisham hall , haputale was completed in 1931 .
the architectural style of tudor and jacobean . adisham hall was completed in 1931 and is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in haputalethe , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , sri jayawardenepura kotte where the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
they started to build alan b miller hall on 30 march , 2007 . . the current tenants are the mason school of business located in the united states .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference . julia morgan was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths , which was built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) . john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row .
liberal democrats are leaders of birmingham . 103 colmore row was designed by john madin , born in birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa in ethiopia .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat
marriott international is based in bethesda , maryland . overseen by bill marriott . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international
albany is part of dougherty county in georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia .
alpharetta , georgia in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group asian americans alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states , home of asian americans and the capital of washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 . anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim is part of california . the california state senate leads anaheim , california . the california state senate is located in the california state capitol .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california contra costa county in california is part of the san francisco bay area . the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . tarrant county , texas , united states .
atlanta is in united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey , united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . washington state is located within the united states .
auburn is part of washington state . olympia is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington state is located within the united states .
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia . albany is part of the state of georgia . albany is part of dougherty county in georgia .
madison county , indiana , is located in the united states . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . anderson is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states .
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . attica , indiana is in united states attica is part of fountain county , indiana
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . fountain county is in indiana , in the united states . attica is part of fountain county , indiana
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the akron , ohio , united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group .
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
. it has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . the name of the runway is 10r / 28l
. adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid the length of its runway is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama in madrid , spain . the
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is in iraq and the length of the runway is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase and previously fought in the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae . the airport ' s runway has a length of 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a runway length of 2900 .
airport is 210 is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas the runway length at andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas andrews county airport runway length 896 . 0 and is 973 metres above sea level .
capital is austin . andrews county airport is located in texas . english is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the demonym is tejano . texas is in the united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium where german is the language spoken . antwerp in belgium .
atlantic city international airport , egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
is the leader in pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali
madrid , part of the community of madrid where the leading party is ahora madrid adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid .
ahora madrid is the leading party of madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain .
the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes , spain . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument united states 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast
carroll county maryland is to the southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where its local name is turk sehitleri aniti .
artur rasizade , is in azerbaijan which has the national assembly as its legislature
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey where the capital is ankara .
amatriciana sauce comes from the region of lazio , italy . guanciale
arem contains banana leaf arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is a flowering plant tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which in italy .
the main ingredients of the malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is from indonesia .
. variations include the blt ( which includes lettuce ) and the club sandwich . blt
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
the blt is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the club sandwich . the bacon sandwich uses bread
is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from both france and the new york region . sponge cake
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france . the euro is the currency in france .
baked alaska is from the united states baked alaska is from the new york region christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert . sponge cake
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . it . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region . . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia . beef
, is one of the ingredients of bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine hogao is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
barny cakes come from manual valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and vegetable
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow originates from singapore . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia .
beef kway teow originates from singapore . beef kway teow , found in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from indian where the currency is the indian rupee and a leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana sweet potato is of the order solanales .
bionico is a mexican dessert granola is an ingredient of bionico .
bionico from guadalajara region is found in mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is from italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is found in arabic speaking philippines . igorot people .
tony tan is the leader of singapore . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the tomato is of the order solanales .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore and has 700 students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the leader of kerala is kochi . awh engineering college mahe , india is northwest of kerala state where the
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . romania the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane .
romania ethic group is the germans of romania ; its leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
asterix was created by rene goscinny , who is a frenchman . the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc . and 15 april 1986 . it
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . the film , big hero 6 , stars scott adsit .
big hero 6 is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and has baymax as a character and stars scott adsit
big hero 6 ( film ) big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and is a character in big hero 6 .
and gardner fox . is also known as mark desmond , the character was created by carmine infantino
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky was created by dan mishkin was created by gary cohn
and ernie colon bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham has 23 floors , work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where there is an ethnic group of asian south africans . south africa has the capital cape town and is the location of the coloured people are an ethnic group in south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . has 12 floors with a total area of 20843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel . chicago is in the united states .
300 north lasalle , illinois , and a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 . and has 60 floors .
3arena , located in dublin , republic of ireland is owned by live nation entertainment . dublin , leinster ,
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster . county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . is part of akita prefecture and one ethnic group in japan is the filipinos .
akita museum of art is located in japan , akita prefecture and vietnamese people are an ethnic group akita museum of art is located in akita , akita
akita museum of art , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country . the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture akita museum of art is located in akita , akita
hall is owned by the college of william and mary , and alan b . miller hall is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 . the alan b . miller hall is in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , are located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 . reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places , was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr . . new york city is part of manhattan . brooklyn is part of new york city .
asser levy public baths located in new york city , new york in the united states . the leader of manhattan gale brewer manhattan is part of new york city .
birmingham , which has the b postcode andrew mitchell is a leader in birmingham where the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born .
birmingham , which has the b postcode is a leader in birmingham where the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born . labour party ( uk )
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t s thakur is a leader of india . narendra modi is the leader of india .
the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , in akita , japan ,
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london . 20 fenchurch street is located within the united kingdom , the capital of london elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
english is the language of the united states . president joe biden leads the united states which is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
baku the capital of azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . was established on july 11th , 1907 the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey ( capital ankara ) and made of bronze is located in izmir , turkey
the monument was designed by pietro canonica . turkey ' s leader is the president and inaugurated in izmir on 27 july 1932 .
albany is part of the state of georgia . english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico has area codes 505 and 575 . albuquerque , n . m . has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . california speak spanish language
the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres . anderson , indiana is 268 . 0 anderson is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . the total area of angola , indiana , is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 . antioch , california the area 925 antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , is 609 . the municipal leader of atlantic city , new jersey is known as the mayor . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres )
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama auburn , alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn is part of king county , washington .
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . auburn , washington is in united states auburn is part of king county , washington .
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas .
the chinese language is spoken in california . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol .
georgia ( u . s . state ) , united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
indiana and the capital is indianapolis anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana .
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
african americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate john sanchez is the senate leader of new mexico . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington , d . c . . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group . is barack obama the leader of albuquerque , new mexico has the title of mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
english is the language of the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel , who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau
rolando maran has managed ac chievo verona and plays for both f . c . bari 1908 was born in italy rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane , owns torino f . c . plays for a . c . chievo verona .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of , is in the league epsth 2nd group and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire played in the 2014 season a . f . c . fylde , has 3180 members and the full name association football club fylde .
a . f . c . fylde played in 2014 . fylde , has 3180 members and the association football club fylde ( bryning lane
paulo sousa played for juventus fc and now plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c while managing acf fiorentina . paulo sousa once played for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , play in the superleague greece . their ground is in athens . aek athens fc played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant . it is
afc ajax is nicknamed joden , godenzonen afc ajax ( amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members . their full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar . he plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax john van den brom played for the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas vila nova futebol clube are the champions of campeonato
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
st . vincent - st . mary high school in the united states is the ground of akron summit assault . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . st . vincent - st . mary high school is in akron , ohio .
, whose capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . he plays for fc admira wacker modling and is the manager of 1 fc koln . peter stoger who plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . its runway length is 2194 . 0 and 546 abilene regional airport runway name is 17l / 35r .
. adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid the length of its runway is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport which is 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
the runway name of adolfo 18l / 36r adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport has a runway with the length of 3 , 500 metres . in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the is operated by enaire .
agra airport is located in india is operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the united states air force . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is located in the al anbar province in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the name of the runway at al asad airbase is 09r / 27l .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the amsterdam airport schiphol . and is 2014 metres long . schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . and is 2014 metres long . schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas the andrews county airport ' s runway length is 929 . airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas , austin , is the capital . inhabitants of texas have the demonym tejano texas is in the united states .
capital is austin . andrews county airport is located in texas . english is spoken in texas . texas is in the united states .
located in icolo e bengo , angola , angola international airport serves luanda icolo e bengo is part of luanda province .
the antwerp international airport is operated and owned by the flemish government . is 12 . 0 antwerp international airport has a runway length of 600 . 0
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose hub is turkmenbashi international airport and has headquarters in turkmenistan . the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in ashgabat .
athens international airport is in sparta , serves the city of athens , and is 94 metres above sea level the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the leader of belgium is charles michel . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium where german is the language spoken . antwerp in belgium .
belgium philippe is the leader antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the french language is spoken .
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york .
the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum leads iraq where al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
. haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore . it is located in punjab , pakistan malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants is a monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc , has its headquarters in broadcasting house . the bbc produces bbc radio and broadcast the tv series bananaman .
bananaman which stars jill shilling was created by steve bright first aired on 3 october 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
big hero 6 stars ryan potter . and the american , duncan rouleau . featured in the film big hero 6 .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn . puerto rican ernie colon and bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky
eric flint is the author of 1634 who was born in burbank california . the book was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes
has 512 pages , can be found in e book format was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has the isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom by lippincott , williams & wilkins . wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones has the oclc number 51969173 and is available in hardcover . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . its author is qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . a loyal character dancer was published in hardcover .
a loyal character dancer is written in english . english language in great britain . a loyal character dancer is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states which includes many asian americans . english is the language of the united states .
published in hardcover , a wizard of mars has 560 pages and was written by diane duane , and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . it has the lccn number 83646315 discipline the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica has a lccn number of 60040714 . paleobiology is the academic discipine of acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) which has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences has the issn number 1732 - 2421 acta palaeontologica polonica which is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . has a lccn number of 60040714 .
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities . cornell university is in the state of new york .
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell unversity is in ithaca , new york
aenir has a total of 233 pages . aenir written by garth nix is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group
johns hopkins university press in the united states is the parent company of johns hopkins university who publish the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . comes from the united states
barack obama is the leader of the united states . a wizard of mars is published in the united states in english which is the language of great britain .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . the english - language book a wizard of mars originates from the united states that includes many asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . . english is spoken in the united states and great britain . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states where english is the language .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . and was hired by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
chris patten represented british hong kong . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 was born in british hong kong . along with frank borman
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin . he graduated from mit scd in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he joined nasa in 1963 . buzz served as a fighter pilot , and was also a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin , whose birth name is edwin eugene aldrin jr . , has won 20 awards . apollo 11 was operated by nasa .
which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . california ' s senator was dianne feinstein and , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin , he was born in dallas and died in st . louis , united states
williams anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . 8 operated by nasa . william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges river is also found in india .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum in india , at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india .
acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology . the school offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
alba iulia . romania ' s capital is bucharest . which is part of alba county 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university in the city of alba iulia .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . aarhus magistrate
the leader of kerala is kochi . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 .
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania . , its capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania
romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
lazio tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of an amatriciana sauce from italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where the capital is rome sergio mattarella is a leader . pietro grasso is the leader of italy
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers cuttlefish is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre .
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . white rice
arros negre is from spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre is from the catalonia region led by the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay batak is the ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
asam pedas is malaysia the minangkabau people are an ethnic group of sumatra . asam pedas ) and sumatra ( ethnic malays ) .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans live . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
bacon explosion asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
a blt is a variation of both the bacon sandwich ( which contains ketchup ) and the club sandwich . bacon sandwich is from united kingdom .
the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . is found in the uk , has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in
baked alaska and cookies are considered desserts . african americans are an ethnic group . baked alaska is from the united states
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska comes from either paris , new york or hong kong sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska .
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska , made with ice cream is from the us .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient in
and contains the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots bakso is popular in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots
the kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine
bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon is from the paisa region columbian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , hogao .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher francois hollande
the indonesian dish batagor and is a variation of siomay . shumai ( containing shiitake ) .
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and pork batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy which comes from the philippines . batchoy soup includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow main ingredients of the dish are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil dish beef kway teow is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is also a leader of singapore . standard chinese is a language spoken is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow and the ingredients are : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia .
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . , also known as bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , and contains gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji and bajji .
binignit is sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to flowering plants . binignit it includes sago and sweet potato is of the order solanales .
dish from the region of visayas . binignit comes from the philippines . the main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a mexican dessert bionico comes from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient of bionico .
bionico is a food found in mexico the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
baduy are an ethnic group of java ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java .
the llocano people and the zamboangans are a group batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of the philippines include the zamboangans and igorot people .
philippine english is the language of the philippines . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . binignit , philippines .
philippine english is the language of the philippines . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . binignit originates from the
1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english . was preceded by grantville gazette ii , and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . grantville gazette ii was preceded by the grantville gazette .
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is in ithaca , new york
english is spoken in great britain a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press . where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
english language in great britain . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press . in the united states , where english is the language used and native americans are an ethnic group .
english language in great britain . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
. english is spoken in the united states and great britain . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
the novel into battle is published by australians . above the veil is followed by into battle and the violet keystone . was preceded by the novel castle . above the veil is the sequel to aenir
the leader of the united states is barack obama . a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . a severed wasp is from the united states .
the leader of the united states was barack obama . the capital of the us is is washington d . c . 1634 in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group asian americans and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
. barack obama is leader of the united states and where the population are known as americans . the capital of the united states washington d . c . 1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
albany is part of the state of georgia . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . fulton county , georgia the largest city atlanta alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas potter county is in texas , in the united states . austin is the capital of texas .
anderson , indiana , is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california antioch is part of california . english is spoken in california . contra costa county in california is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch , california is led by the californias 11th state assembly district
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . the population density of attica indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is in united states auburn is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres )
austin is part of texas where the spoken language is english . austin is part of williamson county , texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas .
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . english is spoken in texas .
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . spanish is spoken in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas .
indiana and the capital is indianapolis alexandria is part of indiana . indiana is the united states . the language in indiana is american english . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county .
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas austin is the capital of texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , white americans are an ethnic group . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of linn county , oregon .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans , the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one ethnic group . albany is part of oregon . albany , oregon , united states .
where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in the united states .
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama , united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama
the native americans are an ethnic group . the largest city in new jersey is newark . new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . albuquerque is part of new mexico . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington d . c . , the native americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . albany , georgia is in the united states . albany is part of united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
11th mississippi infantry monument united states the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property . it is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania
cumberland county is to the north and carrol county is to the northwest . and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly .
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the the ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala . it has an academic staff of 250 . . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
established in 2001 in mumbai , india , awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 employees . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor .
india ' s largest city is mumbai awh engineering college is located in india . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is located to its northeast mols . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . aarhus magistrate
and the american , duncan rouleau . the film , big hero 6 , starred alan tudyk . and steven t . seagle . baymax featured in the film big hero 6 .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini . a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool council is the labour party ( uk ) .
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the italian language is spoken . the champions of serie d are s . s . robur siena .
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) in marousi . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
italy where pietro grasso is the leader of the italians . rome is the capital of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the italian language is spoken .
italian is the official language of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 which is located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella in the capital city of rome
arem - arem leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla , but is more specific to java . indonesia , where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
bacon explosion comes from the united states bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . . english is the language spoken in the united states and the capital city is washington dc .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls where french is the spoken language and gerard larcher is the leader . baked alaska comes from hong kong
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department in colombia . one of the rosids lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is found in antioquia department
barny cakes is from france where the leader is gerard larcher where french is spoken and francois hollande is the leader . barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . variations of siomay , which includes peanut sauce , are : batagor and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . shumai and batagor are variations of the siomay dish .
batagor leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla . shumai contains shiitake ) , shumai , and siomay
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji is from the karnataka region .
bionico is a food found in mexico a dessert called the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . is a dessert containing honey
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region . is a dessert containing honey
is the leader of catalonia . carles puigdmont , in spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and the spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre comes from catalonia
rome is the capital of italy whose leader is matteo renzi . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy .
italians inhabit italy , where the capital is rome . it amatriciana sauce sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy , whose leader is matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . fried chicken ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in malaysia , singapore and java
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . singapore is english language ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java .
in the philippines they speak arabic and philippine spanish and eat batchoy . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and the chinese filipino people .
the language spoken is spanish . spain ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
where felipe vi is leader . ajoblanco is found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spaniards are from spain .
american alan bean was a test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
the apollo 8 commander was frank borman . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 american william anders was born in british hong kong 8 operated by nasa .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin on 20 january 1930 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 american buzz buzz aldrin as a fighter pilot on nasa ' s program .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 , performed as a fighter pilot and buzz graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
gemstone is benitoite . alan shepard was a member of apollo 14 . shepard died in california . nasa ' s dianne feinstein is a senator in california . apollo 14
american which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard alan shepard died in california who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
william anders . his nationality is united states . he retired on september 1 , 1969 . british hong kong born william anders was a fighter pilot on apollo 8 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is part of the central denmark region in margrethe ii led denmark . the faroese language is spoken in denmark .
in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , . the runway length is 4 , 100 and san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by enaire . the runway name of adolfo 14l / 32r
agra airport is located in india . the runway has a length of 1818 . 0 and the indian air force operate agra airport is 167 . 94 the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force uses ac - 130 attack aircraft and boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase and previously fought in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts . the usaf . the transport plane the lockheed ac - operation enduring freedom .
the alderney airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . alderney airport serves the city of alderney , is 88 metres above sea level . its airport runway is named 08 / 26
in allama iqbal international airport in pakistan , has a length of 3310 . 0 . is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18l / 36r .
located in punjab , in pakistan , allama iqbal international airport has a runway length 2900 . 0 allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore the runway name of allama iqbal international airport is 18r / 36l
aplena county regional airport lies 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . alpena county regional airport serves alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . its runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level . the runway name is 1 / 19 and it
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , usa . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo . is 159 05l / 23r is the runway name at angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece . greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township which is part of new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
belgium philippe is the leader antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp the leader of belgium is charles michel . antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy . atlantic city international airport , egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstow , essex county . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
indian air force the hal light combat helicopter agra airport is in uttar pradesh , awadh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force .
indian air force the hal light combat helicopter agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik and the airport is operated by the indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
. haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq al - taqaddum air base serves the city of falluja located in iraq where fuad masum is leader and they speak arabic
200 public square is located in cleveland and was completed in 1985 . cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , new york , and it has the postmodern style of architecture . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel . chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of springfield , illinois chicago is part of illinois .
hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where faroese language margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott international , founded in washington , d . c . , is the tenant of the ac
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . bill marriott is a key person greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark .
marriott international which was founded in washington dc . hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . marriott international is the tenant of ac greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark .
adare manor , republic of ireland augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall began construction in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 metres .
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has three floors . the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the country ' s leader is taro aso , and there is an ethnic group of chinese people in japan .
alan b miller hall is located in virginia was designed by robert a . m . stern is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business located in the united states .
, ahmedabad . ahmedabad is in india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in india is sumitra mahajan .
sri lanka is lead by ranil wickremesinghe and has the ampara hospital in an ampara district in the eastern province the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka is austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern provincial council is the governing body . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
asilomar conference grounds julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the california landmark los angeles herald examiner building and the julia morgan hearst castle asilomar state beach .
born in san francisco , julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum hearst castle asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths located in new york city , manhattan , united states . cyrus vance jr is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of new netherland
birmingham , which has the b postcode john clancy is the leader of birmingham where john madin , the designer of 103 colmore row , was born the birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where president john roberts is leader . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania
which has franklin county to its west , carroll county maryland to its southeast . adams county has cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania
azerbaijan artur rasizade baku is the capital of azerbaijan . red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti azerbaijan where artur rasizade is leader , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established july 11th , 1907 and is an historic is in the monocacy national battlefield is in the state of maryland .
american , alan bean , who was a test pilot , was born on mar 15 , 1932 . in wheeler , texas and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
alan bean was on the crew of apollo 12 operated by nasa , with alfred warren as a backup pilot alan bean retired in june 1981 david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . alan bean ' s birth name was alan lavern bean .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 , was a member of the apollo 11 crew he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin in 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 sc . d . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 american buzz buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey was selected by nasa in 1963 and was a crew member for apollo 11 he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20
gemstone is benitoite . smilodon is a fossil from california . which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . california ' s senator was dianne feinstein and , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . us national william fighter pilot william anders was born in british hong kong william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman william anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland and its dean is mario botta . . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff accademia is located in ticino ,
bangalore , karnataka in india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . . the religion is the church of denmark .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association .
awh engineering college is located in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai . college was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india .
romania ethic group is the germans of romania ; its leader is klaus iohannis romania patron saint andrew the apostle , its capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it ' s capital city is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . bronze turkey . the turkish currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica , ( capital ankara ) and made of bronze was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the capital is is ankara . the largest city in turkey istanbul , the currency is the lira and inaugurated in izmir on 27 july 1932 .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland . the dean is mario botta . was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 staff members . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in mendrisio . . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor .
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and and its motto is nurturing excellence . acharya institute of technology karnataka , india . the
the institute was given the ` technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and to the of telangana . the institute offers tennis karnataka has to the arabian sea . the acharya institute of technology karnataka governed by the international tennis federation .
germans of romania . one of the ethnic groups . prime minister alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis . the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university in the city of alba iulia . romania
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . aarhus magistrate
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
alan bean is an american in 1932 and graduated from ut austin in 1955 . he was a test pilot alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , was on the crew of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . alan shepard passed away in california . test pilot alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18 , 1923 , was selected by nasa in 1959 .
american alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 alongside backup pilot alfred worden . alan bean served as a test pilot was born in wheeler , texas was the commander of apollo 12 . david scott . alan bean
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , his real name was edwin e . aldrin , jr . . buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 , was a member of the apollo 11 crew he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and member of the apollo 11 crew . he spent 52 minutes in space . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20
buzz aldrin , a member of the apollo 11 crew was born in glen ridge , new jersey , us . graduating from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 , buzz aldrin ( born 1930 - 01 - 20 ) received 20 awards . buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 american buzz buzz aldrin joined nasa in 1963 apollo 11 was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . buzz aldrin is united states citizen . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , scd in 1963 which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . us national william anders was born in hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot was a crew member of apollo 8
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 american william anders was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman
and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he retired on september 1st 1969 . william anders spent 8820 . 0 minutes in space . william anders was born on october 17 , 1933 in british hong kong , served as a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 8
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart
aaron s . daggett the battle of mine run
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands
abdul rahman yakub inofficewhilevicepresident tuanku bujang tuanku othman
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor sulaiman abdul rahman taib
abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state
abner w . sibal activeyearsenddate 1965 - 01 - 03
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia
adam holloway was born in kent
adam holloway and lives in the gravesend
adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide
adolf scharf was born in mikulov
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio
airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30
airey neave won the military cross
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london
airey neave militaryrank lieutenant colonel
airey neave servicestartyear 1935
albert b . white party republican party ( united states )
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white
albert jennings fountain militarybranch union army
alberto teisaire , argentina
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral in the argentine navy
alfons gorbach died in austria
alfred moore scales activeyearsstartdate 1875 - 03 - 04
alfred moore scales the battle of chancellorsville
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut
alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut
allan shivers activeyearsstartdate 1947 - 01 - 21
allan shivers militarybranch united states army
allan shivers successor price daniel
alvah sabin activeyearsstartdate 1853 - 03 - 04
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states )
american civil war was commanded by robert e . lee
austria is austrian german
battle of antietam was commanded by robert e . lee
battle of cold harbor ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires
gulf war was commanded by colin powell
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower
josef klaus . he graduated from university of vienna
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco
juan peron party labour party ( argentina )
netherlands where the leader is mark rutte
united states army the spanish - - american war
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet
1955 dodge engine 230 ( cubic inches )
a - rosa luna christeningdate 2005 - 04 - 07
aida cruises is located in rostock
aidaluna operated by aida cruises
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16
aidastella was completed 2013 - 03 - 11
aidastella maidenvoyage 2013 - 03 - 17
aidastella operated by aida cruises
alv x - 1 launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport
amc matador is also known as american motors matador
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) . sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948
abarth 1000 gt coupe engine straight - four engine
acura tlx engine honda k engine
acura tlx layout awd ( vehicle )
acura tlx relatedmeanoftransportation honda accord
acura tlx transmission 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 )
alfa romeo 164 assembly arese
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 transmission 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe )
alhambra builder samuda brothers
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m
alhambra . wrecked
alhambra topspeed 18 . 52
alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine
alvis speed 25 modelstartyear 1937
american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m
antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 10 - 28
antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti
ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre
ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11
aston martin v8 bodystyle convertible
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin
aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii finalflight 1998 - 03 - 16
atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base
audi was founded by august horch
audi a1 assembly audi brussels
audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation seat ibiza
caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois
costa crociere is located in genoa
desoto custom relatedmeanoftransportation chrysler newport
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation alfa romeo 164
germany the germans
norbert lammert is the leader of germany
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone
guiana space centre based in kourou , french guiana
honda k engine manufacturer honda
united states anthem the star - spangled banner
the native americans are an ethnic group .
a . c . milan ' s chairman is silvio berlusconi
aaron boogaard was born in canada
aaron hunt club sv werder bremen
abel hernandez club uruguay olympic football team
abel hernandez club uruguay national football team
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil
adam maher was born in diemen
adam maher was born in netherlands
adam maher and netherlands national under - 17 football team
adam maher club psv eindhoven
ahmad kadhim assad and iraq national football team
akeem adams was born in point fortin
akeem dent formerteam atlanta falcons
akeem priestley and connecticut huskies
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league
basim qasim manages al - zawraa sc
al kharaitiyat sc position qatar stars league
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad
alaa abdul - zahra club sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) and scotland national under - 19 football team
aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02
aleksander barkov , jr . . and florida panthers
aleksander barkov , jr . . has a height of 1 . 905
aleksander barkov , jr . . play in the national hockey league
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24
aleksandr prudnikov club fc amkar perm
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi
aleksandre guruli club fc samtredia
aleksandre guruli club georgia national under - 21 football team
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli played youth football for a . s . roma
alex plante was born in manitoba
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league
atlanta falcons in atlanta
boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney
budapest , hungary
canada is english language
canada is slavey language
columbus blue jackets in columbus , ohio
oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv
fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov
finland is finnish language
italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
motherwell f . c . ground fir park
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel aulas
st . louis rams in st . louis
tennessee titans in nashville , tennessee
aaron bertram activeyearsstartyear 1998
aaron deer associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the horns of happiness
aaron deer recordlabel kill rock stars
aaron turner is a avant - garde metal
aaron turner is a progressive metal
abradab background solo singer
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12
abradab was born in poland
abradab is a hip hop music
agustin barboza is a guarania ( music )
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey
alan frew is a rock music
albennie jones associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sammy price
aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues
aleksandra kovac is a soul music
alex day is a synthpop
alfredo zitarrosa associatedband / associatedmusicalartist hector numa moraes
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay
alfredo zitarrosa recordlabel rca records
alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
alison odonnell is a jazz
alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04
allen forrest is a pop music
alligator records is located in chicago
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist johnny sansone
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues
andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow
andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records
asuncion is part of gran asuncion
christian burns instrument guitar
hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap
hip hop music stylisticorigin funk
indie rock stylisticorigin new wave music
manchester is part of greater manchester
polydor records is located in london .
rca records distributingcompany sony music entertainment
rock and roll stylisticorigin blues
synthpop stylisticorigin pop music
british people live in the united kingdom .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres )
carl a . wirtanen discoverer ( 29075 ) 1950 da
( 410777 ) 2009 fd absolutemagnitude 22 . 1
( 410777 ) 2009 fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04
1000 piazzia escapevelocity 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds )
1001 gaussia the 1923 oaa907 xc
1001 gaussia maximumtemperature 165 . 0 ( kelvins )
101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
101 helena epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms )
1036 ganymed averagespeed 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds )
103 hera absolutemagnitude 7 . 66
103 hera mass 7 . 9 ( kilograms )
107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08
107 camilla discoverer a . storrs
1089 tama the a894 va ; a904 vd ;
1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days )
1097 vicia averagespeed 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
1097 vicia rotationperiod 95040 . 0
109 felicitas discoverer christian heinrich friedrich peters
109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds )
1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
11264 claudiomaccone temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins )
james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett the battle of fredericksburg
aaron s . daggett the battle of gettysburg aaron s . daggett won the purple heart
abdul rahman yakub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman yakub
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna abdulsalami abubakar . he graduated from technical institute , kaduna
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe
abner w . sibal the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army united states army and fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adam holloway and lives in the gravesend adam holloway was born in kent
adam koc the world war i adam koc won the virtuti militari
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis was born in athens
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) parliamentary group leader
airey neave won the military cross airey neave unit royal artillery
airey neave the battle of france airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04
airey neave the battle of france battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle
airey neave the world war ii airey neave was born in knightsbridge
airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by franklin d . roosevelt
airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22
albert b . white profession politician albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico albert jennings fountain was born in new york city
albert jennings fountain inofficewhilevicepresident edmund j . davis albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory
albert jennings fountain party republican party ( united states ) albert jennings fountain was born in new york city
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas
alfons gorbach was born in austria alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in austria
alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales successor james w . reid ( politician )
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle daniel gould fowle . he graduated from princeton university
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) united states house of representatives
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army united states army the american civil war
allan shivers the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur )
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers successor ben ramsey
alvah sabin was born on secretary of state of vermont workedas ) office ( workedat , 1793 - 10 - 23 alvah sabin
netherlands and the currency is the euro . agnes kant , netherlands
netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant , netherlands
parkersburg , west virginia , united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia
aaron boogaard club wichita thunder aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan
abel hernandez club penarol penarol manager jorge orosman da silva
abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo abel hernandez club penarol
adam maher and netherlands national under - 17 football team adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher club psv eindhoven adam maher and netherlands national under - 17 football team
ahmad kadhim assad and steel azin f . c . ahmad kadhim assad club al shorta sc
akeem adams club ferencvarosi tc ferencvarosi tc manager thomas doll
akeem adams and trinidad and tobago national football team akeem adams club t & tec sports club
akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam tennessee titans akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27
akeem priestley and connecticut huskies akeem priestley and sheikh russel kc
akeem priestley club rops akeem priestley and sheikh russel kc
alaa abdul - zahra club al - khor sports club al - khor sports club ground al khor
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) club leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c . hamilton academical f . c . ground new douglas park
aleksander barkov , jr . . and florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02
aleksander barkov , jr . . and florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born in tampere , finland
aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar
aleksandr prudnikov club fc tom tomsk fc tom tomsk play in the russian football national league
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv aleksandre guruli club fc dinamo batumi
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante was born in manitoba
alex tyus club pallacanestro cantu alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league alex tyus club maccabi tel aviv b . c .
brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba
canada anthem o canada adam mcquaid was born in canada
canada is english language adam mcquaid was born in canada
fc dinamo batumi manager levan khomeriki aleksandre guruli club fc dinamo batumi
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow
rops play in the veikkausliiga akeem priestley club rops
united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco velodrome akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c .
aaron deer is a psychedelia aaron deer instrument guitar
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner is a electroacoustic music
aaron turner instrument singing aaron turner is a avant - garde metal
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 abradab was born in katowice
abradab was born in katowice abradab was born in poland
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
ace wilder recordlabel warner music group ace wilder background solo singer
agustin barboza was born in paraguay agustin barboza recordlabel philips records
alan frew is a rock music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
alan frew is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music
albennie jones is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues
aleksandra kovac is a pop music aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues
aleksandra kovac is a soul music aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990
alex day is a synthpop synthpop stylisticorigin new wave music
alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is a milonga ( music )
alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is a taquirari
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo
alfredo zitarrosa is a zamba ( artform ) alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist plastik mak alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik
alison odonnell is a folk rock alison odonnell recordlabel floating world records
alison odonnell is a jazz alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest is a hip hop music allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicsubgenre christian alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist phil lesh and friends anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is a pop music andra ( singer ) activeyearsstartyear in 2000
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mark sixma
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren
andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a country music
polydor records is located in london . andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) ( 410777 ) 2009 fd minimumtemperature 211 . 0 ( kelvins )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 orbitalperiod 16244700 . 0
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 rotationperiod 9953 . 28
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
1036 ganymed averagespeed 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1036 ganymed apoapsis 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade , germany
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson , canada
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ;
1089 tama temperature 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 109 felicitas temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0
109 felicitas rotationperiod 47487 . 6 109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
10 hygiea the a900 ga 10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia orbitalperiod 142603000 . 0
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany aidastella operated by aida cruises
aida cruises is located in rostock aidaluna operated by aida cruises
aidaluna topspeed 40 . 744 aidaluna length 252000 . 0 ( millimetres )
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2
amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador modelyears 1974
amc matador was designed by richard a . teague richard a . teague employer chrysler
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) length 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) , argentina
alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry
alvis speed 25 transmission ` ` single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox change all - silent and all - syncromesh lever , open centre , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel alvis speed 25 engine 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres )
alvis speed 25 transmission ` ` single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox change all - silent and all - syncromesh lever , open centre , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors
antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 01 - 09 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport
argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) , argentina
ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space
ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space airbus defence and space is the parent company of airbus group
aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii finalflight 1998 - 03 - 16 atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii manufacturer lockheed martin
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi belongs to audi e - tron
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi subsidiary ducati
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi subsidiary quattro gmbh
caterpillar inc . . is a key person at douglas r . oberhelman aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
delta ii launchsite vandenberg air force base antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii
finland where the leader is juha sipila aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
mtu friedrichshafen is owned by rolls - royce holdings a - rosa luna powertype mtu friedrichshafen
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett was born in maine aaron s . daggett the battle of fredericksburg
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands
abdul rahman yakub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman yakub
abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud party barisan raayat jati sarawak
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state abdulsalami abubakar . he graduated from technical institute , kaduna abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria )
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abel caballero was born in ponteareas abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the congress of deputies abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain )
abel caballero was born in spain abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) abel caballero party spanish socialist workers party
abner w . sibal the world war ii abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
abner w . sibal workedas ) office ( workedat , member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens
adam holloway the gulf war gulf war was commanded by george h . w . bush adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adam koc the polish - - soviet war adam koc was born in congress poland polish - - soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war polish - - soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) minister for health adonis georgiadis was born in athens
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras new democracy ( greece ) colour blue adonis georgiadis party new democracy ( greece )
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands )
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the house of representatives agnes kant was born in west germany agnes kant . he graduated from radboud university nijmegen
airey neave the world war ii airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave the world war ii airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island albert jennings fountain died in united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain was born in new york city albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires buenos aires is the governing body buenos aires city legislature buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina
alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol alfons gorbach was born in austria
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . .
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 whig party ( united states ) where the leader is henry clay
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont
american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war albert jennings fountain was born in united states
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales the battle of fredericksburg battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol alfons gorbach died in austria
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach died in austria
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach died in austria
battle of salem church was commanded by robert e . lee battle of salem church ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war aaron s . daggett the battle of salem church
netherlands and the currency is the euro . ab klink was born in stellendam ab klink , netherlands
poland is polish language adam koc kashubians are an ethnic group american poland poland
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd orbitalperiod 39447000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 minimumtemperature - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 maximumtemperature 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 averagespeed 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 apoapsis 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres )
1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia the 1923 oaa907 xc 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) 101 helena escapevelocity 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) 101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade , germany walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
103 hera discoverer james craig watson 103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 103 hera orbitalperiod 1622 . 213 ( days ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera escapevelocity 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) 103 hera temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham n . r . pogson , england
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama the a894 va ; a904 vd ; 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days )
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia the 1928 pc 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas mass 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0 110 lydia apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres )
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends is a pop music
aaron deer is a indie rock aaron deer origin indiana aaron deer origin united states
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer is a psychedelia aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is a black metal
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is a drone music
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mamiffer aaron turner is a ambient music
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner instrument singing black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab origin katowice
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
agustin barboza was born in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza was born in paraguay
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument singing al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music
alan frew is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
albennie jones is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat
albennie jones is a rhythm and blues albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi rhythm and blues derivative disco
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac is a pop music
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac is a pop music
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kristina kovac
alex day is a synthpop synthpop stylisticorigin pop music synthpop stylisticorigin disco
alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester alfred garth jones died in sidcup
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones , united kingdom
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones , united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london boris johnson is the leader in london .
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell is a folk music of ireland
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell is a folk music
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk alison odonnell recordlabel static caravan recordings
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama allen forrest is a pop music allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is a rhythm and blues allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kirk joseph
anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records anders osborne is a rock music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist puya ( singer ) andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist crbl andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marius moga associatedband / associatedmusicalartist andreea balan andra ( singer )
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) background solo singer rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine christian burns is a house music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label )
ska punk stylisticorigin ska aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends aaron bertram is a ska punk
african americans are an ethnic group albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi albennie jones was born in united states
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22
a - rosa luna shipdisplacement 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) a - rosa luna topspeed 24 . 0 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella is owned by costa crociere
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella shipinservice 2013 - 03 - 17 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups where the population are known as americans .
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states , one ethnic group are native americans and washington d . c . is the capital .
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2 alv x - 1 totallaunches 1
abarth 1000 gt coupe productionendyear 1958 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle coupe abarth 1000 gt coupe engine straight - four engine
abarth 1000 gt coupe wheelbase 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) abarth 1000 gt coupe width 1 . 55 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle two door coupe
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy where the capital is rome alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy where the capital is rome alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly arese alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra . wrecked
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol
american motors fate eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors is a key person at roy d . chapin , jr . .
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) function medium expendable launch system
ariane 5 manufacturer arianespace ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres )
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
atlas ii countryorigin united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states .
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite spaceport florida launch complex 36
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 assembly audi brussels audi a1 bodystyle hatchback
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation seat ibiza audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation volkswagen polo
caterpillar inc . . which was founded in california caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
caterpillar inc . . is located in illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
costa crociere is located in genoa aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella is owned by costa crociere
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
guiana space centre based in french guiana ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
neptun werft which rostock a - rosa luna builder neptun werft neptun werft locationcountry germany
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans atlas ii countryorigin united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron hunt club vfl wolfsburg aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08 aaron hunt club sv werder bremen
aaron hunt club vfl wolfsburg vfl wolfsburg manager dieter hecking aaron hunt club sv werder bremen ii
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c . abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo abel hernandez club penarol
adam maher club psv eindhoven adam maher was born in netherlands adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c . united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco akeem adams and w connection f . c .
akeem ayers formerteam los angeles rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq alaa abdul - zahra club shabab al - ordon club alaa abdul - zahra club iraq national under - 20 football team
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club shabab al - ordon club
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 alan martin ( footballer ) and clyde f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) club motherwell f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) club accrington stanley f . c . accrington stanley f . c . ground accrington
aleksander barkov , jr . . and florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov , jr . . was born in tampere , finland
aleksander barkov , jr . . draftteam florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov , jr . . was born in tampere , finland
aleksandr chumakov died in russia russia where the leader is vladimir putin aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov club fc alania vladikavkaz
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov club russia national football b team aleksandr prudnikov club fc tom tomsk
aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais olympique lyonnais ground parc olympique lyonnais aleksandre guruli club azal pfk
aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais olympique lyonnais ground parc olympique lyonnais aleksandre guruli club us lesquin
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 16 football team
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria
alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 16 football team italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 17 football team alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria alessio romagnoli was born in italy
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla
alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla alex plante was born in canada
alex tyus play in the euroleague alex tyus club maccabi ashdod b . c . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league alex tyus club maccabi ashdod b . c . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov club fc tom tomsk aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc anzhi makhachkala
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - - 15 russian premier league aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c . abel hernandez club uruguay olympic football team
moscow where the leader is sergey sobyanin aleksandr chumakov died in russia aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow
real madrid castilla manager luis miguel ramis abner ( footballer ) and brazil national under - 20 football team abner ( footballer ) club real madrid castilla
real madrid castilla manager luis miguel ramis abner ( footballer ) club real madrid castilla abner ( footballer ) plays for c . d . fas .
st . louis is part of the greater st . louis alex tyus was born in st . louis . francis g . slay
tennessee titans in nashville , tennessee akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans
united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco akeem adams and trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c .
aaron hunt club sv werder bremen sv werder bremen ii manager alexander nouri aaron hunt club sv werder bremen ii sv werder bremen ii is in the 3 liga league
abel hernandez club penarol abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol abel hernandez club central espanol penarol manager jorge orosman da silva abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island adam mcquaid was born on 1986 - 10 - 12 adam mcquaid weight 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) adam mcquaid birthyear 1986
adam mcquaid draftteam columbus blue jackets boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney columbus blue jackets in columbus , ohio adam mcquaid and boston bruins
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers was born on 1989 - 07 - 10 akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans akeem ayers birthyear 1989
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia
al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club al - zawraa sc alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club iraq national under - 23 football team al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club shabab al - ordon club al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 alan martin ( footballer ) has a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) alan martin ( footballer ) club crewe alexandra f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) and scotland national under - 21 football team alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 alan martin ( footballer ) has a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) alan martin ( footballer ) club crewe alexandra f . c .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov club fc dynamo moscow
aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandr prudnikov club fc rubin kazan
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv aleksandre guruli was born in batumi aleksandre guruli has a height of 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandre guruli club fc zestafoni
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante club anyang halla alex plante was born in canada alex plante was born on 1989 - 05 - 09
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla alex plante was born in canada
canada anthem o canada canada where elizabeth ii is the leader . aaron boogaard was born in canada canada is inuktitut
canada anthem o canada canada elizabeth ii canada are an ethnic group asian canadians aaron boogaard was born in canada
canada anthem o canada canada where elizabeth ii is the leader . canada is slavey language aaron boogaard was born in canada
fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - - 15 russian premier league aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov fc torpedo moscow ' s chairman is aleksandr tukmanov
houston texans in texas akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans houston texans in houston
penarol play in the uruguayan primera division abel hernandez played youth football for penarol hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 meantemperature 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days )
1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia escapevelocity 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds )
1001 gaussia discoverer sergey belyavsky 1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia the 1923 oaa907 xc 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade died in west germany walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) n . r . pogson was born in nottingham
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai n . r . pogson was born in nottingham 107 camilla discovered 2001 - 03 - 01
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama the a894 va ; a904 vd ; 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0
1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia mass 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) 1097 vicia orbitalperiod 135589000 . 0 1097 vicia apoapsis 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0 109 felicitas escapevelocity 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds )
10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 10 hygiea the a900 ga 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea periapsis 416136000000 . 0
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis the 1928 sj 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0
1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0 1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge manufacturer dodge 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge wheelbase 120 . 0 ( inches )
1955 dodge relatedmeanoftransportation desoto custom desoto custom relatedmeanoftransportation chrysler newport desoto custom successor desoto firedome desoto custom manufacturer desoto ( automobile )
aida cruises is located in rostock aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) american locomotive company locationcountry united states american locomotive company which was founded in schenectady , new york
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine
amc matador is also known as american motors matador amc matador assembly mexico city amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador engine amc v8 engine
amc matador is also known as vam classic amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador is in the mid - size car amc matador engine amc straight - 6 engine
acura tlx assembly marysville , ohio acura tlx is in the mid - size car acura tlx layout front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive acura tlx engine honda k engine
acura tlx assembly marysville auto plant acura tlx engine v6 engine acura tlx layout front - engine design acura tlx is in the luxury vehicle
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) . in service aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland finland . the finns finland where the leader is juha sipila aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) . in service aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine straight - four engine alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine v6 engine
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra . wrecked
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler american motors is a key person at roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18
aston martin v8 assembly london is the capital of the united kingdom which aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m atlas ii finalflight 2002 - 12 - 05 atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
audi a1 is in the supermini audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly audi brussels
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was founded by august horch audi belongs to audi e - tron audi subsidiary ducati
caterpillar inc . . is located in illinois . caterpillar inc . . which was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
costa crociere is located in genoa aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut
germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich neptun werft which rostock rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the atlas ii countryorigin united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . atlas ii countryorigin united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is a ska punk
aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer is a psychedelia aaron deer origin indianapolis aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist isis ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner is a electroacoustic music aaron turner instrument singing
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner is a post - metal aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in stockholm ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in sweden ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in stockholm
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in sweden
ahmet ertegun is a rhythm and blues ahmet ertegun origin washington , d . c . ahmet ertegun background non performing personnel ahmet ertegun origin united states
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll ahmet ertegun origin united states rock and roll stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group .
albennie jones activeyearsendyear 1950 albennie jones is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
albennie jones is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group albennie jones was born in united states
aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac is a pop music aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is a acoustic music alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is a electronic music alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo montevideo , uruguay uruguay . the uruguayans montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician )
alfredo zitarrosa recordlabel rca records alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay alfredo zitarrosa is a candombe alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell is a folk music alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist head south by weaving alison odonnell is a folk music alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
alison odonnell is a jazz alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel floating world records
alison odonnell is a jazz alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel fruits de mer records
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is a acoustic music allen forrest was born in fort campbell allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is a hip hop music allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal alternative rock stylisticorigin punk rock andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is a rock music anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records alligator records is a blues alligator records is located in chicago anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop andra ( singer ) . he was a singing andra ( singer ) was born in romania andra ( singer ) background solo singer
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues derivative funk rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine trance music stylisticorigin house music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
asuncion is part of gran asuncion agustin barboza died in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza died in paraguay
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a country music
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
manchester is part of greater manchester alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party .
post - metal instrument cello aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist house of low culture aaron turner is a post - metal
twilight ( band ) is a black metal aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
african americans are an ethnic group albennie jones is a rhythm and blues rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues albennie jones was born in united states
aaron s . daggett the american civil war aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury aaron s . daggett was born in maine
aaron s . daggett the battle of the wilderness aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury aaron s . daggett was born in maine
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas ab klink workedas ) office ( workedat , ministry ab klink was born in netherlands
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia
abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party barisan raayat jati sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force
abel caballero inofficewhilemonarch juan carlos i of spain juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco abel caballero inofficewhileprimeminister felipe gonzalez abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain )
abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) minister of transport abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) abel caballero was born in spain abel caballero party spanish socialist workers party
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . american abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut abraham a . ribicoff
adam holloway the gulf war adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adam koc the polish - - soviet war poland is polish language polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin adam koc , poland
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) vice - president of new democracy adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands and the currency is the euro . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
agnes kant , netherlands socialist party ( netherlands ) colour red socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
airey neave the battle of france airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave the battle of france airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave unit royal artillery royal artillery garrison hohne airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by chiang kai - shek
albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york french language american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico albert jennings fountain was born in new york city albert jennings fountain the american civil war american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta alberto teisaire party justicialist party alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army united states army the whiskey rebellion alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor price daniel allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont
battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war american civil war was commanded by robert e . lee aaron s . daggett the battle of gettysburg aaron s . daggett won the purple heart
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire , argentina argentina and the language spoken is spanish . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
aida cruises is located in germany costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation & plc aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella shipbeam 32 . 2 aidastella topspeed 38 . 892 aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans washington dc is the capital of the united states , anthem the star - spangled banner
amc matador is also known as american motors matador amc matador assembly thames , new zealand amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador is in the mid - size car amc matador engine amc v8 engine
alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) p & o ( company ) is located in london . alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra powertype humphrys , tennant and dykes alhambra builder samuda brothers
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) american motors subsidiary wheel horse amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler american motors is a key person at roy d . chapin , jr . .
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m
antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 associatedrocket minotaur iv
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 07 - 13 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres )
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres ) antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18
ariane 5 finalflight 2009 - 12 - 18 ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre ariane 5 diameter 5 . 4 ( metres )
arianespace which is located in courcouronnes guiana space centre based in french guiana ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ela - 3 operated by arianespace
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin dbs successor aston martin vantage aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 bodystyle coupe aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1 aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly brussels , belgium audi a1 is in the supermini audi a1 bodystyle hatchback
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was founded by august horch audi subsidiary ducati audi belongs to audi e - tron audi subsidiary lamborghini
caterpillar inc . . which was founded in california caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
caterpillar inc . . is a key person at douglas r . oberhelman caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states aida cruises is located in rostock aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
caterpillar inc . . is a key person at douglas r . oberhelman caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
costa crociere is located in genoa costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation & plc aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
finland . the finns finland is sami languages finland where the leader is juha sipila aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
germany and the capital is berlin neptun werft which rostock germany where the leader is joachim gauck rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
germany where the leader is andreas vosskuhle germany and the capital is berlin neptun werft which rostock rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the atlas ii countryorigin united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol central espanol play in the uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez club central espanol penarol manager jorge orosman da silva abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo
aleksandr chumakov died in russia russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow aleksandr chumakov and soviet union national football team fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv fc karpaty lviv manager oleh luzhny olympique lyonnais ' s chairman is jean - michel aulas aleksandre guruli club olympique lyonnais olympique lyonnais ground parc olympique lyonnais
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan play in serie a a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli position defender ( football ) alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria
alessio romagnoli currentclub a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic a . c . milan ' s chairman is silvio berlusconi alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 17 football team alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria
central espanol play in the uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini abel hernandez club uruguay national football team abel hernandez club u . s . citta di palermo
fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc amkar perm fc amkar perm gadzhi gadzhiyev manages
fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov
fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov aleksandr prudnikov club fc dynamo moscow
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - - 15 russian premier league aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow aleksandr chumakov and soviet union national football team fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
ferencvarosi tc manager thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco akeem adams club ferencvarosi tc ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c .
ferencvarosi tc manager thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco velodrome akeem adams club ferencvarosi tc ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 101 helena discovered 1868 - 08 - 15 james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan james craig watson stateoforigin canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade died in gottingen walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade , germany walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 103 hera discovered 1868 - 09 - 07 james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 103 hera periapsis 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin
107 camilla discoverer b . zellner 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer c . woods 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer f . vilas 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai 107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08 n . r . pogson was born in nottingham n . r . pogson , england
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis mass 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres )
11264 claudiomaccone epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 11264 claudiomaccone orbitalperiod 1513 . 722 ( days ) 11264 claudiomaccone periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins )
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud and lives in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe militarybranch nigerian navy mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya
abraham a . ribicoff died in united states abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff ( workedat , american abraham a . ribicoff governor of connecticut workedas ) office
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff american abraham a . ribicoff died in new york
adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway office ( workedat , workedas ) member of parliament for gravesham adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras antonis samaras inofficewhileprimeminister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) where the leader is khadija arib agnes kant and lives in the doesburg
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant and lives in the doesburg emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20
alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach party austrian peoples party alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in austria
alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach party austrian peoples party alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in imst
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois
alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales , united states . alfred moore scales the battle of gettysburg the native americans are an ethnic group . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales the siege of petersburg siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire , argentina argentina and the language spoken is spanish . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is a ska punk ska punk stylisticorigin punk rock
aaron deer is a indie rock aaron deer origin united states aaron deer associatedband / associatedmusicalartist wee giant aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner origin united states aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is a sludge metal aaron turner origin massachusetts aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born in katowice abradab was born in poland abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a singing ace wilder was born in sweden ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in stockholm ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk ace wilder was born in sweden hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music al anderson ( nrbq band ) activeyearsstartyear 1966
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music
alan frew . he was a musician alan frew origin canada alan frew was born in coatbridge alan frew origin newmarket , ontario alan frew background solo singer
aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia aleksandra kovac is a pop music pop music musicfusiongenre disco
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990
alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones , united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in manchester . boris johnson is a leader of london which is lead by the european parliament .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party . london is lead via the european parliament .
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell is a folk music of ireland alison odonnell recordlabel floating world records alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel stanyan records
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison odonnell instrument autoharp jazz stylisticorigin folk music
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is a acoustic music allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama allen forrest background solo singer allen forrest was born in fort campbell
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist voice of the wetlands all - stars anders osborne is a rock music anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is a blues anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989
andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) . he was a singer , reality television judge
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) . he was a singing andra ( singer ) was born in romania
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi andrew rayel is a trance music trance music stylisticorigin pop music
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine jwaydan moyine associatedband / associatedmusicalartist john digweed andrew rayel instrument string instrument andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest was born in fort campbell allen forrest is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is a hip hop music allen forrest birthyear 1981 hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london . alfred garth jones died in sidcup alfred garth jones died in london alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party .
paraguay are an ethnic group mestizo agustin barboza was born in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza died in paraguay paraguay and the language spoken is spanish .
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock
rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music country music stylisticorigin blues
rock music stylisticorigin blues rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a rock music rock music stylisticorigin country music
twilight ( band ) is a black metal aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
uruguay where the leader is raul fernando sendic rodriguez alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo montevideo , uruguay montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) uruguay and the language spoken is spanish .
