the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the league , salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in the mechanics .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the ground of aek athens fc is located in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located at baku .
azal pfk is in the league , azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is located in united states .
akron , ohio is located at summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc
christian panucci plays for inter milan
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona
gubbio is a food found in umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in united states .
there are 27250 members of 1 fc magdeburg who are in regionalliga in 2014 .
the ground of a . c . chievo verona is called verona , italy and has the capacity for a crowd of 39371 .
a . c . chievo verona is voiced by rolando maran , who was born in italy .
the first club jorge humberto rodriguez played for was fc dallas and jorge humberto rodriguez is now manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
there are 1500 members of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis who are in 2014 - - 15 a epsth , greece .
the first club stuart parker played for was blackburn rovers fc and him is now manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
the first club stuart parker played for was irlam town football club and him is now manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is located in gubbio .
livorno is the location of the ground of a . s . livorno calcio , their playing in serie
the first club christian panucci played for was a . s . roma and him is now manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
the first club paulo sousa played for was juventus fc and him is now manager of acf fiorentina .
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and them has 47290 members .
the ground of aek athens fc is called greece and has the capacity for a crowd of 69618 .
the olympic stadium is the location of the ground of aek athens fc , their ground playing in superleague of greece
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst , the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan are known as azal arena ground .
akron summit assault has 3000 menbers and was a part of 2011 pdl season season .
gubbio is located in patient - 2 and is the location of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti is attached to empoli f . c . and him has been the manager of a . s . roma .
the first club jens hartel played for was fc lokomotive leipzig , he is part of the sv germania schoneiche club and , manages 1 fc magdeburg .
the first club massimo drago played for was a . s . d . licata 1931 , he is part of the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and , manages a . c . cesena .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa is the nickname of ac lumezzane . lumezzane have 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
the first club jorge humberto rodriguez played for was alianza f . c . , jorge humberto rodriguez is part of the el salvador national football team club and , manages a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground of it is located in antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis were in the efxeinoupoli season .
association football club blackpool is the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool . afc blackpool have 1500 members and their ground ground is in blackpool .
the first club stuart parker played for was chesterfield fc , he is part of the runcorn fc halton club and , manages a . f . c . blackpool .
the first club dave challinor played for was stockport county fc , he is part of the colwyn bay fc club and , manages afc fylde .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio . as livorno calcio have 19 , 238 members members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
christian panucci are the champions of serie in which a . s . livorno calcio also play . as livorno calcio is in the carpi fc 1909 league .
the first club christian panucci played for was chelsea fc , he is part of the real club and , manages a . s . livorno calcio .
the ground for aek athens fc is greece and them compete in superleague of greece . previous champions of olympiacos f . c . are olympiacos fc .
the first club gus poyet played for was real zaragoza , he is part of the chelsea fc club and , manages aek athens fc .
eberhard van der laan is a tenant of amsterdam which is owned by amsterdam - centrum and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eberhard van der laan is a tenant of amsterdam which is owned by the leaders and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the first club john van den brom played for was jong ajax , he is part of the istanbulspor a . s club and , manages az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca league . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil .
luciano spalletti is in the udinese calcio club , is manager of a . s . roma and is affiliated with the empoli f . c . club .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is s . s . chieti calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . licata 1931 club .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is u . s castrovillari calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club .
massimo drago is in the u . s castrovillari calcio club , is manager of a . c . cesena and is affiliated with the s . s . chieti calcio club .
the manager of 1 fc magdeburg is jens hartel , who happens to be a member of sv babelsberg 03 , and plays for both 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau club .
born in italy , rolando maran is attached to fc bari 1908 . rolando maran also has managed a . c . chievo verona , and plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is the manager at ac lumezzane . michele marcolini previously played for a . c . chievo verona and now plays for torino f . c . .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members plays at a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis home ground at antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis are in efxeinoupoli and played in the epsth 2nd group season .
conservative party ( uk ) is stockport county fc leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who was at stockport .
gordon marsden is stockport county fc leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who was at stockport .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to afc fylde ) has 3180 members their ' s ground is located in warton , fylde , lancashire and they played season 2014 - 2015 in season 2014
afc fylde ( full bryning lane ) is located in the county of association football club fylde . afc fylde competed in the season 2014 season and has 3180 members .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who happens to be a member of juventus fc , and plays for both maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . which has 69618 members plays at them home ground at greece . their ground are in superleague of greece and played in the season 2014 season .
sportpark de toekomst is owned and operated by jong ajax and their tenants include afc ajax ( amateurs ) and afc ajax nv .
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( which is afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) played in the season 2014 season . they have 5000 members and ' ' joden , godenzonen ' ' .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom , who happens to be a member of vitesse arnhem , and plays for both afc ajax and netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in which campeonato current champions are vila nove futebol clube .
alagoas agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is located in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in it , in brazil .
arapiraca agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is located in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in it , in brazil .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio and the high school is summit county , ohio ground of akron summit assault , which is located in the high school , united states .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where sergio mattarella is the capital , a traditional italian sauce is the leader of pietro grasso and the capital is the leader sergio mattarella .
peter stoger . fc koln is the manager of agent - 1 . in he career so far , bridge - 1 has played for patient - agent - 1 and fc admira wacker modling , and managed at fk austria wien .
the leader of michele marcolini is fc bari 1908 . italy , who once played football for pietro grasso and vicenza calcio is pietro grasso manager of ac lumezzane , whose ground is in it .
afc blackpool is located in stockport county fc town of blackpool , where stockport leader of stockport council is labour ( uk ) . the manager of the club is stuart parker who has previously played football for stockport and chesterfield fc .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it . italy football club play in serie d , the champions of which are s . s . robur siena . italy is led by sergio mattarella and the language spoken is the country .
the olympic stadium ( real zaragoza ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have been managed by gus poyet . gus poyet own club is marousi and him has played for chelsea fc .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where there are leaders called pietro grasso and rome . the country ' s capital is italians and the language spoken in it is the country .
italy ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in it , where the people who live there are called rome . italy official language is it and its ' s italians is italian .
