alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , in united states , is now retired .
joe biden is a united states leader . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , here .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit . he joined nasa in 1963 . a member is from united states .
united states elliot see was born in dallas . elliot graduated from university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin him joined nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin francis g . slay is a st . louis leader . elliot died in nasa .
st . louis is in st louis in france . elliot see died on february 28th 1966 , in nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , a state where one can find the navy . alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by virginia demarce and eric flint is 448 pages long and in print .
1634 the ram rebellion is in english . it was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . english is spoken in great britain .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems and is headquartered in new york city . alexander l . wolf is the president of association for computing machinery .
aids journal in concerned with the study of hiv / aids / journal . the journal has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
aids journal in concerned with the study of hiv / aids / journal . the journal has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in united states stanford university is the alma mater of him , who edited aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice , by j . v . jones , has oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , by qiu xiaolong , has oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by united states in soho press , in english .
' a severed wasp ' was written in united states in english which is spoken in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' , oclc # 8805735 , is 388 pages and published in hardcover .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg known as , ` ` abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ' ' has the lccn number of 32024459 and the issn number of 1865 - 8784 .
aenir was written by australians and above the veil followed up in english .
above the veil followed aenir . above the veil is written in english . it was written by garth nix .
above the veil by garth nix has 248 pages and is published in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) , addiction , is focused on it and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , who published journal , which has the issn number of 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir written by garth nix is followed by above the veil . aenir is in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , oclc # 78771100 , is the isbn number pages and published in hardcover .
english is spoken in great britain and united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from here .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , wrote a glastonbury romance . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog .
administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune . issn number 0001 - 8392 is administrative science quarterly .
' a severed wasp ' was published in united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states a wizard of mars is written in english and published in it .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where the capital city is washington dc and a wizard of mars was written .
barack obama is the president of united states which is home to a wizard of mars and also asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from united states where one of the ethnic groups are african americans is known as leader .
a fortress of grey ice originates from united states where the leader is called leader and native americans live .
jens hartel plays for fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche while managing 1 fc magdeburg .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and a . s . d . licata 1931 while managing a . c . cesena .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( ac lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for el salvador national football team and alianza f . c . while managing a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis . their play in efxeinoupoli .
( association football club blackpool ) a . f . c . blackpool play at blackpool and has 1500 members .
stuart parker plays for chesterfield fc and runcorn fc halton while managing a . f . c . blackpool .
dave challinor plays for stockport manages afc fylde and is a member of colwyn bay fc
( livorno calcio s . p . a . ) a . s . livorno calcio play at livorno , italy and has 19 , 238 members members .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . their play in serie whose champions include carpi fc 1909 .
christian panucci played for chelsea fc and real as well as managing a . s . livorno calcio .
aek athens f . c . ( greece ) played in superleague of greece , which olympiacos fc were champions .
gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while managing aek athens fc .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s and jong ajax while managing az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play at estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in campeonato brasileiro serie c it is based in brazil .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio while managing a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and s . s . chieti calcio while managing a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 while managing a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio while managing a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row located on colmore row , was designed by john madin born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland where frank g jackson is cuyahoga county , ohio .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where dupage county is rahm emanuel .
george winckler is located in united states 320 south boston building was designed by the architect and has 22 floors .
3arena at north wall quay was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark , which has 23 floors , is marriott international .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn firm and has 23 floors . marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin at palace of westminster in bloomsbury .
j p mcmanus owned adare manor was designed by philip charles hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
adisham hall completed in 1931 with tudor and jacobean is located at haputale .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 in tudor and jacobean , is located in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka , which is led by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the currency is the rupee . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
mason school of business is located in alan b miller hall in united states . alan b . miller opened in 30th march 2007 .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at riverside art museum in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at chinatown in san francisco in california .
asilomar conference grounds , located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california , was added to national of historic places february 27th 1987 and has reference number : 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in avenue a , manhattan , were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 in new york city , were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
conservative party ( uk ) lead birmingham , home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
liberal democrats leads birmingham . 103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is in addis ababa which is in ethiopia , whose hailemariam desalegn .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , gujarat .
marriott international , helped by bill marriott , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
united states is home to albany , georgia and asian americans . albany in georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by new mexico . it has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and african americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and asian americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
anaheim , california has area codes 657 , 714 . it has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . anaheim , ca has a utc offset of minus 7 .
anaheim , california is part of california california state capitol is the leader of california state senate in which it is located .
anderson , indiana is in indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . it is in united states .
united states is home to angola , indiana and asian americans . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county . it is led by united states house of representatives . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area .
tarrant county in texas in united states . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is part of it .
washington dc is the capital of united states which includes many asian americans . atlanta comes from here .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has area codes 404 .
newark is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . atlantic city in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . new york city is the largest city in united states . it in here .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama . it is part of alabama . alabama is in united states .
washington dc is the capital of united states where washington state is located . auburn is in washington state .
washington state is in united states . washington state capital is olympia . auburn is part of it .
albany , georgia is part of georgia it is part of dougherty county , georgia . atlanta is the capital of georgia .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana . madison county in indiana in united states . alexandria is part of it .
trenton is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is in united states atlantic city , new jersey is part of it .
houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is in them . english is spoken in texas .
attica , indiana comes from united states where the capital is washington dc it is in fountain county , indiana .
washington dc is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana . it in here .
akron , ohio is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english .
united states is home to akron , ohio and asian americans . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
united states is home to albany , oregon and asian americans . albany is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama leads united states . albuquerque , new mexico is from here where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is written in english and from united states where african americans live .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport where 10r / 28l with a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake . its ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
paracuellos de jarama in spain is the location of madrid and adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
agra airport , in uttar pradesh has an identifier of viag and is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3992 . 88 is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport , in pakistan is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority , based in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 2900 . 0 long .
alpena county regional airport is in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport in egg harbor township , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves new jersey and is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states and is 3048 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is located in lahore , pakistan , whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , madrid , where ahora madrid is the leading political organization .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in adams county , pennsylvania , gettysburg .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is headed by artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly .
ankara is turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where ataturk monument is located .
lazio ' s regional amatriciana sauce includes guanciale . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
arem - arem is javanese cuisine made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the main ingredients is an ingredient of a leader .
tomato , a member of the solanaceae family , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to flowering plants .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
italy arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region .
asam pedas is malay peninsula made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from malaysia .
arifin zakaria leads malaysia . kuala lumpur , malaysia is where asam pedas originates .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt .
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many white americans .
john roberts leads united states . washington dc , here is where bacon explosion originates .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . bread is an ingredient in bacon .
france baked alaska contains sponge cake . baked alaska is from the new york region .
baked alaska is in france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
baked alaska is from new york , united states . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is dessert which contains sponge cake . cookies is dessert .
bakewell pudding is dessert . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
indonesia ' s regional bakso includes beef . bakso is from indonesia .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains avocado . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains hogao . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes located in france whose leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone .
batchoy is made of noodles and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines .
batchoy is made of vegetables and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines .
beef kway teow is located in the region of indonesia of singapore , which is lead by tony tan .
beef kway teow hails from singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
singapore ' s regional beef kway teow includes oyster sauce . beef kway teow is from singapore and indonesia .
sumitra mahajan leads india . indian rupee is the currency of india where bhajji comes from .
binignit is dessert which contains banana . cookies is dessert .
binignit is dessert which contains sago . cookies is dessert .
binignit is dessert which contains taro . cookies is dessert .
binignit is made of banana and sweet potato . sweet potato comes from solanales .
mexico bionico includes granola . bionico is dessert .
bionico hails from guadalajara , mexico . the region is an ingredient in bionico .
silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico . the peso is the currency of mexico where bionico comes from .
pietro grasso leads italy . rome is the capital of italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment .
batchoy is written in arabic and from philippines where igorot people live .
english is the official language of singapore , which is lead by tony tan and home to beef kway teow .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a member of the solanaceae family . tomato is a fruit of solanales .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . its ' s academic staff total is 250 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is in kerala state .
1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania .
the leader is the president of romania which is home to 1 decembrie 1918 university and also germans of romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the school is in brussels .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark .
asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo , the former being a french national .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor . bananaman last aired on april 15th 1986 .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and included baymax .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and included baymax .
blockbuster , mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam it was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud lives in sarawak it was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and went on to attend technical institute , kaduna .


abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . its ' s birthplace is ponteareas .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain .
abner w . sibal was involved in world war ii . world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens .
adam holloway was involved in gulf war . george h . w . bush was the gulf war commander .
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge faversham is the birthplace of it .
adam koc was born in congress poland . adam koc battled in polish - - soviet war . it was commanded by leon trotsky .
adam koc was involved in polish - - soviet war . leon trotsky was the polish - - soviet war commander .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .

agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant was was born in west germany and was a student at radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group from here .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
staten island is the birthplace of albert jennings fountain . albert jennings fountain was born in new york but died in united states .
buenos aires city legislature is the governing body of buenos aires . horacio rodriguez larreta leads it . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . its ' s birthplace is county of tyrol .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .

alvah sabin is from vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd 1793 . whig party ( united states ) is led by henry clay .
daniel webster leads whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln was the commander of american civil war . it was a battle involving albert jennings fountain . albert jennings fountain was born in united states .
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of fredericksburg . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria . doris bures is a leader in austria .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ( state ) ) died in austria . doris bures leads austria .
alfons gorbach died in styria . it died in austria . austria is lead by doris bures .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of salem church . battle of salem church was commanded by robert e . lee .
netherlands currency is euro . ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
adam koc is poland . kashubians is an ethnic group in poland . polish language is spoken in it .





1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .

walter baade graduated from university of gottingen it is germany .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .


n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england .
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .

1097 vicia was formerly called 1928 pc .







suburban legends is pop music .
aaron deer is indie rock .
aaron deer is psychedelia .
aaron turner is black metal .
aaron turner is drone music .
aaron turner is ambient music .
aaron turner is black metal .
aaron turner is black metal .
abradab was born november 12nd 1978 .

ace wilder is hip hop music .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . paraguay is the birthplace of it . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones is jazz .
albennie jones is rhythm and blues . its ' s birthplace is errata , mississippi .
aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
alex day is synthpop .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup . its ' s birthplace is manchester .
united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . labour is a leader in manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . it died in london . london is led by boris johnson .
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland .
alison odonnell is folk music .
alison odonnell is jazz .
alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest is pop music . its ' s birthplace is dothan , alabama .
allen forrest is rhythm and blues . its ' s birthplace is dothan , alabama .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .

anders osborne is rock music .
andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel is trance music .
christian burns is house music .

aaron bertram is ska punk .
albennie jones was born in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here it was born in errata , mississippi .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .


aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises is located in germany .



american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
americans live in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here .
washington dc is the capital of united states . here is an ethnic group of native americans .




rome is the capital of italy .
rome is the capital of italy .



alhambra is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .






native americans are an ethnic group in united states it is led by leader .



caterpillar inc . was founded in california it is in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises owns aidaluna . caterpillar inc . is in illinois .
aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere . costa crociere is located in genoa .

guiana space centre are in french guiana .
kourou , french guiana is in guiana space centre .
neptun werft is located in rostock .
americans live in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here .
aaron hunt is affiliated with goslarer sc 08 it plays for sv werder bremen it plays for vfl wolfsburg .
vfl wolfsburg plays for sv werder bremen ii and dieter hecking while managing aaron hunt .
abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol it plays for hull city a . f . c . it plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol it plays for penarol it plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher was born in netherlands . adam maher was at az alkmaar . it plays for psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . it is based in palo seco . akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . .


akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq . it is in the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . it are based at al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for clyde f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . . it plays for accrington stanley f . c . . accrington stanley f . c . is based in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born on september 02nd 1995 , in tampere , finland .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia . vladimir putin is a leader in russia .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov was at fc kuban krasnodar . it plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov was at russia national football b team . it plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . it plays for azal pfk . olympique lyonnais are based at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . it plays for us lesquin . olympique lyonnais are based at parc olympique lyonnais .
a . c . milan played for italy national under - 16 football team and sinisa mihajlovic as well as managing alessio romagnoli .
a . c . milan plays for u . c . sampdoria and sinisa mihajlovic while managing alessio romagnoli .
alessio romagnoli played for italy national under - 16 football team it plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli was at u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . it was born in italy .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla .
alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus play in euroleague it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . it plays for fc tom tomsk . fc spartak moscow is based in otkrytiye arena .
fc spartak moscow play in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow it plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow plays for valery petrakov and manages aleksandr chumakov . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league .
hull city a . f . c . , steve bruce , now a manager of abel hernandez , played for uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia . sergey sobyanin is a leader in moscow .
real madrid castilla has played for brazil national under - 20 football team and luis miguel ramis and now manages abner ( footballer ) .
real madrid castilla has played for c . d . fas and luis miguel ramis and now manages abner ( footballer ) .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . francis g slay leads nasa . alex tyus was born in it .
tennessee titans is in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . it is based in palo seco .
