1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba . (id1)
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . (id2)
 (id3)
 (id4)
bucharest is romania . (id5)
the dean of school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen . (id6)
16 , 000 students students attend school of business and social sciences . (id7)
1 decembrie 1918 university is known as uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba . (id8)
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id9)
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute is in bangalore . (id10)
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by technical education . (id11)
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is in kerala state . (id12)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . its ' s academic staff total is 250 . (id13)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . (id14)
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is in kerala state . (id15)
1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania . (id16)
the leader is the president of romania which is home to 1 decembrie 1918 university and also germans of romania . (id17)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the school is in brussels . (id18)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . (id19)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river flows . (id20)
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india . (id21)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by it . acharya institute offers sports including tennis . the location is the governing body of tennis . (id23)
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is romania . (id24)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the city of aarhus is governed by magistrate . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of the country . (id25)
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . kochi is the leader of kerala . (id26)
1 decembrie 1918 university comes from romania where germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is bucharest desteapta - te , romane is the anthem of it . (id27)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania ( bucharest ) . the leader is the leader of romania . (id28)
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . (id29)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . (id30)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . (id31)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . european university association headquarter is in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it is led by monarchy of denmark . (id32)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college employs about 250 academic staff . mumbai is india ' s largest city . it is located in india . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . (id34)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id35)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . the city of the city is governed by magistrate . the headquarters of the school is in brussels . mols is to the northeast of it . (id36)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in mendrisio , switzerland . it has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is called mario botta . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in ticino . (id37)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . it is in the state of karnataka . (id38)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute was established in 2000 . (id39)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . it headquarter is in brussels . church of denmark is the religion of denmark . denmark is led by monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . (id40)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . its ' s dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . european university association headquarter is in brussels . (id41)
awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . awh engineering college was established on 2001 and is in the country . (id42)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the capital is bucharest . the anthem of it is called desteapta - te , romane . germans of romania is an ethnic group in the country . the leader is the leader of romania . (id43)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which has 16 , 000 students students , was established in 1928 . (id44)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . federal helps to lead switzerland . the dean of it is mario botta . it has a staff of 100 and six hundred students . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . (id45)
acharya institute of technology is in bangalore , india . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . its ' s motto is nurturing excellence . b m reddy is president of it . acharya institute was established in 2000 in karnataka . (id46)
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology is tennis . tennis has a governing body called all india council . arabian sea is west of karnataka . karnataka has to karnataka northeast telangana . it was given the technical campus status by it . it is in karnataka state . (id47)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . bucharest is the capital of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania . germans of romania is an ethnic group in it . the leader is the leader of the country and has the title of prime minister . romania is the location of the 1 . (id48)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with european university association . it has an academic staff of 737 and the dean is called thomas pallesen . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id49)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . european university association headquarter is in brussels . monarchy of denmark of denmark is the country ' s leader . the type of government of the city is magistrate . it is located in the country . (id50)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . its dean is the latin name of it which is affiliated to european university association . 16 , 000 students students attend the school . thomas pallesen is dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which was established in 1928 . (id51)
