alan bean , a united states national whose birth place is retired , served as wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin is an united states born in glen ridge , new jersey in it of which joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , born in united states , was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now 1963 from mit .
elliot see ( born in united states ) went to university of texas at austin and was dallas .
elliot see , who graduated in university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 , spent st . louis in space .
elliot see graduated from st . louis , which is affiliated with university of texas at austin and francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st louis in france on february 28th 1966 .
alan shepard , who was born in 13017 minutes , was awarded new hampshire which ranks higher than the navy .
the print book 1634 : the bavarian crisis is 448 pages long and the author is virginia demarce and eric flint .
english is spoken in great britain and is 1634 : the galileo affair 1634 the ram rebellion was written , . the parent company of it is 1634 the galileo affair .
association for computing machinery , with alexander l . wolf as the official language is new york city , is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
aids ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of journal . the journal has the abbreviation hiv / aids and the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
aids ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of journal . the journal has the abbreviation hiv / aids and the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who resides in stanford university and where united states was him almamater .
a fortress of grey ice , which was written by j . v . jones has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in 49805501 with the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is published by english in soho press . soho press language of them is united states .
from united states , ' a severed wasp ' was originally published in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
' a severed wasp ' is 388 pages long and is available in hardcover . home to the severed wasp has an oclc number of 8805735 .
` ` abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ' ' is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg which has the lccn number 32024459 and can be located using issn number 1865 - 8784 .
aenir is published by english in above the veil , in australians .
aenir , the prequel to garth nix , was published by above the veil in english .
the hardcover book above the veil is 248 pages long and the author is garth nix .
acta palaeontol . pol is the abbreviation for acta palaeontologica polonica which has the lccn number 60040714 and can be located using issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of addiction . addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation addiction and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , who published journal , which has the issn number of 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university ( of new york ) is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is also affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
aenir was written by garth nix in english and was followed by above the veil .
from united states , alcatraz versus the evil librarians was originally published in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number pages can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
english is spoken in both great britain and united states . additionally , alcatraz versus the evil librarians from here .
a glastonbury romance was born in john cowper powys , blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance is now a crew of john cowper powys which was operated by shirley , derbyshire .
sage publications is sara miller mccune which stars 0001 - 8392 and has administrative science quarterly as a character .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states where the capital city is washington dc and home to the severed wasp was written .
' ' a wizard of mars , originally published in english , is from united states , which includes african americans among part ethnic groups .
washington dc is the capital of united states a country where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . also where ' ' a wizard of mars originates from .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states , where barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
leader is the leader of united states which is where 1634 the ram rebellion was written . additionally , african americans are one of the ethnic groups of here .
leader is the leader of united states which is where a fortress of grey ice was written . additionally , native americans are one of the ethnic groups of here .
the first club jens hartel played for was fc lokomotive leipzig , he is part of the sv germania schoneiche club and , manages 1 fc magdeburg .
the first club massimo drago played for was a . s . d . licata 1931 , he is part of the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and , manages a . c . cesena .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa is the nickname of ac lumezzane . lumezzane have 4150 members and play in lega pro / a .
the first club jorge humberto rodriguez played for was alianza f . c . , jorge humberto rodriguez is part of the el salvador national football team club and , manages a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground of it is located in antonis milionis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis were in the efxeinoupoli season .
association football club blackpool is the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool . afc blackpool have 1500 members and their ground ground is in blackpool .
the first club stuart parker played for was chesterfield fc , he is part of the runcorn fc halton club and , manages a . f . c . blackpool .
the first club dave challinor played for was stockport county fc , he is part of the colwyn bay fc club and , manages afc fylde .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is the fullname of a . s . livorno calcio . as livorno calcio have 19 , 238 members members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
christian panucci are the champions of serie in which a . s . livorno calcio also play . as livorno calcio is in the carpi fc 1909 league .
the first club christian panucci played for was chelsea fc , he is part of the real club and , manages a . s . livorno calcio .
the ground for aek athens fc is greece and them compete in superleague of greece . previous champions of olympiacos f . c . are olympiacos fc .
the first club gus poyet played for was real zaragoza , he is part of the chelsea fc club and , manages aek athens fc .
eberhard van der laan is a tenant of amsterdam which is owned by amsterdam - centrum and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eberhard van der laan is a tenant of amsterdam which is owned by the leaders and is the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the first club john van den brom played for was jong ajax , he is part of the istanbulspor a . s club and , manages az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca league . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil .
luciano spalletti is in the udinese calcio club , is manager of a . s . roma and is affiliated with the empoli f . c . club .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is s . s . chieti calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . licata 1931 club .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is u . s castrovillari calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club .
massimo drago is in the u . s castrovillari calcio club , is manager of a . c . cesena and is affiliated with the s . s . chieti calcio club .
john madin , who was born in birmingham , was influenced by colmore row and wrote 103 colmore row .
200 public square is in cleveland , who ' s leader is frank g jackson , and is a part of cuyahoga county , ohio .
there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue , united states , with a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , dupage county , whose leader is rahm emanuel .
the architect of 320 south boston building is united states and the 320 south boston building is owned by 22 .
hok sve were the architects of 3arena on north wall quay which was completed in december 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , with marriott international floors , is owned by it .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is owned by marriott international , has 23 floors and the architect was 3xn firm .
augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury has designed many significant buildings , including palace of westminster and the grounds of adare manor .
philip charles hardwick is the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by jp mcmanus .
haputale ' s adisham hall has tudor and jacobean but the adisham hall was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of tudor and jacobean .
ranil wickremesinghe is a leader of sri lanka , the country where , in haputale , adisham hall is located .
adisham hall is a food found in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and where the rupee is the leader .
alan b . miller hall , which was completed on united states , is located on 30th march 2007 . the grounds was added to mason school of business which is based in here .
julia morgan born in san francisco was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference grounds . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is riverside art museum .
julia morgan who was born in california has designed many significant buildings , including chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds , located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california , was added to national of historic places 87000823 and has reference number : february 27th 1987 .
asser levy public baths built in 1904 is located on avenue a , manhattan . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
asser levy public baths built in 1904 is located on new york city . asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , comes from birmingham , which is run by conservative party ( uk ) .
birmingham , led by liberal democrats , was the birthplace of john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
addis ababa is located in ethiopia . the current leader in it is hailemariam desalegn also addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
albany , georgia is a traditional dish from united states , where dougherty county , georgia is the ethnic group . asian americans is an ethnic group in here .
albuquerque , new mexico in new mexico has 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km students and is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is a traditional dish from the united states region of african americans . fulton county are an ethnic group in here .
alpharetta , georgia is a traditional dish from the united states region of asian americans . georgia are an ethnic group in here .
alpharetta , georgia is a food found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
anaheim , california has a floor area of minus 7 and the oclc number 657 , 714 .
anaheim , california is located in california state senate , which is part of california state capitol , california .
lafayette township , madison county , indiana is part of indiana in united states and is the location of anderson , indiana .
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , asian americans are the ethnic group of the united states .
antioch , california is located in contra costa county , san francisco bay area , and united states house of representatives .
arlington is located in tarrant county in texas , united states , where the leader party is fort worth in texas .
atlanta is a food found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
the lccn number of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre , that is in 347 . 1 square kilometres and has 404 members .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . newark is the leader of n . j . .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , in united states , where the leader is new york city .
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama and is part of united states .
auburn is located in the city of washington state , a country where washington dc is the leader .
auburn is located in washington state , where the capital is olympia and the leader is united states .
albany , georgia is located in georgia , which is lead by dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria is located in madison county , indiana , which is part of anderson , indiana and is led by united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where the capital city is trenton .
arlington is located in texas , where the leader is english and / or houston .
attica , indiana is found in united states , where the capital city is washington dc .
attica , indiana is located in united states , fountain county , indiana capital of which is washington dc .
akron , ohio is from united states , where the capital is washington dc and english is the capital .
akron , ohio is a traditional dish from summit county , ohio and is also found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
benton county , oregon , an ethnic group in united states , in the country of albany , oregon is benton county , oregon . albany is a food found in here , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
barack obama , president of united states is asian americans , which is one of the ethnic groups of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico was published in here .
african americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and albany , georgia comes from .
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and angola , indiana comes from .
operated by the aarhus lufthavn a / s organisation , aarhus airport has a runway that is 2776 . 0 metres long . aarhus airport also has a runway with 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , is 2003 . 0 meters above sea level and serves the city of saranac lake .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of madrid , spain .
the icao location identifier of agra airport in uttar pradesh is viag . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . an aircraft there is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . usaf aircraft carriers fought in libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers were involved in grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway of alderney airport , which serves the city of alderney , is made of poaceae and is 877 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan civil aviation authority which is part of pakistan . the hub airport for the airport is jinnah international airport .
punjab , pakistan is where allama iqbal international airport is located , it has a runway named 18l / 36r , as well as a runway that is 2900 . 0 long .
at an elevation of 210m above seal level , alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in united states .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital city is austin and the leader is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , which is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city international airport runway length is 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of madrid . the leader party at madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in madrid ( spain ) where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes ( spain ) where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
the location of 11th mississippi infantry monument is adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is located in carrol county , maryland .
11th mississippi infantry monument , gettysburg , is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to 11th mississippi infantry monument southeast .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is published by turk sehitleri aniti . the legislature is located in azerbaijan , which capital is baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan which is led by national assembly and is the location of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial .
ataturk monument is located in turkey , the capital of which is ahmet davutoglu and where ankara is a leader .
guanciale is one of lazio ingredients of amatriciana sauce . this is a traditional dish from lazio and is part of italy .
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings of arem - arem are banana leaf . compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings is also it .
arrabbiata sauce has tomato as it of its ingredients , which is part of the flowering plants family and in the division of solanaceae .
olive oil is one of rome ingredients of arrabbiata sauce . this is a traditional dish from rome and is part of italy .
tomato is one of italy ingredients in the country ' arrabbiata sauce ' , which is it found nationwide in it and also in rome .
the main ingredient of asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . the dish is from malaysia it and is eaten in malay peninsula .
the leader of malaysia is arifin zakaria and the city of kuala lumpur is the capitol , malaysia ' s also where asam pedas is found .
found in indonesia , ayam penyet comes from the region of malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is malaysian chinese .
blt sandwich is bacon sandwiches variation of both it ( which contains lettuce ) and club sandwich .
white americans are an ethnic group in united states whose leader is barack obama . bacon explosion comes from here .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the leader is john roberts and the capital is washington dc .
bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwiches which is considered it variation of blt sandwich , which is itself considered to be variation of club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of france .
manuel valls is france leader of it where it currency is euro and baked alaska is a traditional dish .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of dessert called baked alaska . cookies is also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and it main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding , which can be served ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , is from derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are bakewell tart .
beef is an ingredient of indonesia bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in it .
avocado is one of colombian cuisine ingredients in bandeja paisa which is typical it and found in paisa region .
hogao is one of paisa region ingredients of bandeja paisa . this is a traditional dish from paisa region and is part of colombian cuisine .
manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders in france , where barny cakes come from .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , noodles , noodles organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , vegetables , bhaji organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the leader of singapore is tony tan , the region of singapore ' s also where beef kway teow is from . beef kway teow is also found in indonesia .
sesame oil is one of singapore ingredients of beef kway teow . this is a traditional dish from singapore and is part of indonesia .
oyster sauce is one of singapore and indonesia ingredients in singapore ' beef kway teow ' , which is it found nationwide in singapore and indonesia and also in singapore .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the currency is indian rupee and bhajji orginated .
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains banana ) should also be served as a dessert .
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains sago ) should also be served as a dessert .
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains taro ) should also be served as a dessert .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato ( part of the order of solanales . ) , another ingredient that can be used is banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , the ingredients include dessert .
the region is an ingredient of bionico , it that comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
silvano aureoles conejo is mexico leader of it where it currency is the peso and bionico is a traditional dish .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of italy , where the capital is rome and a key leader is pietro grasso .
igorot people is an ethnic group in philippines , where arabic is spoken and batchoy comes from .
beef kway teow originates from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and are from the order of solanales and solanaceae .
awh engineering college is in kerala , india . awh engineering college has 250 students .
acharya institute of technology is located in 700 . acharya institute of technology ' s affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
mahe , india is southeast of kerala where awh engineering college with it is located in it . kerala is lead by kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of romania is germans of romania and / or desteapta - te , romane .
the leader , president of romania is germans of romania , which is one of the ethnic groups of it . 1 decembrie 1918 university was published in romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in denmark in 1928 , aarhus .
asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast for the last time by april 15th 1986 on bbc .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 , it that stars scott adsit and in which baymax makes baymax first appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax is a character in big hero 6 .
walt disney studios motion pictures stars in big hero 6 in which baymax is a character . big hero 6 is distributed by ryan potter .
blockbuster is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as mark desmond and was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
' ' larry bolatinsky ' ' is also known as bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
bolt is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , retired on the purple heart season . and was battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink was born in netherlands , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam and was a student at christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was given the ' ' kingdom of sarawak ' ' . abdul taib mahmud was awarded abdul rahman yakub , which is based in stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud , now kingdom of sarawak , was born in barisan raayat jati sarawak and has sarawak members .
abdulsalami abubakar , who is now niger state , was born in technical institute , kaduna on chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) . niger state was chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) of bridge - 1 which was operated by it .
abdulsalami abubakar is located in atiku abubakar and has the reference number it . abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with olusegun obasanjo in nigerian air force .
abdulsalami abubakar is located in atiku abubakar and has the reference number it . abdulsalami abubakar is affiliated with olusegun obasanjo in nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and was the recipient of galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in bridge - 1 , ponteareas jersey which is in member of the congress of deputies of abel caballero . galicia ( spain ) was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , was born in galicia ( spain ) on the isbn number spanish socialist workers party .
abner w . sibal is broadcast by world war ii , located in united states army and joseph stalin . abner w . sibal is affiliated with world war ii .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens , awarded republican party ( united states ) , and was the chief of the astronaut office in member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
george h . w . bush is a key person at gulf war , which is located in grenadier guards and broadcastto adam holloway in .
adam holloway was born in faversham and went to magdalene college , cambridge and was conservative party ( uk ) .
born in congress poland , polish - - soviet war , is the creator of adam koc .
adam koc is broadcast by polish - - soviet war , located in leon trotsky and is affiliated with russian civil war .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was the recipient of athens . adonis georgiadis was born in bridge - 1 , greece jersey which is in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally of adonis georgiadis . the city of athens was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was the recipient of athens . adonis georgiadis was born in bridge - 1 , greece jersey which is in minister for health of adonis georgiadis . athens was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
adonis georgiadis is located in the city of blue . adonis georgiadis is affiliated with new democracy ( greece ) in antonis samaras .
agnes kant in bridge - 2 is affiliated with house of representatives ( netherlands ) and patient - 3 . the university is affiliated with mark rutte .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands , which is the publisher of agnes kant .
agnes kant , who was born in radboud university nijmegen and was the chief of the astronaut office in member of the house of representatives . agnes kant was awarded bridge - 1 which is higher than radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has june 30th 1953 postgraduate students . airey neave is located in march 30th 1979 led by march 30th 1979 with bridge - 1 which is based in world war ii .
airey neave is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has march 04th 1974 postgraduate students . airey neave is located in march 30th 1979 led by march 30th 1979 with bridge - 1 which is based in world war ii .
albert b . white , first aired september 22nd 1856 , stars 1941 was first published by july 03rd 1941 .
agnes ward white , founded by marietta , ohio , is the publisher of albert b . white , which is located in william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island as a united states national where african americans is the leader .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city in staten island and died in it .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york in staten island and died in it .
alberto teisaire is operated by buenos aires , using buenos aires city legislature and horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire is from isaac rojas . alberto teisaire was awarded by bridge - 1 , which is based in isaac rojas and has rear admiral .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol in austria and died in it .
alfred n . phillips was born in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in albert e . austin . alfred n . phillips was competed in connecticut by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district .
alfred n . phillips was born in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in albert e . austin . alfred n . phillips was competed in darien , connecticut by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district .
allan shivers is located in member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and was founded by wilfred r . cousins , jr . and is located in bridge - 1 , which is based in democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers is now wilfred r . cousins , jr . .
alvah sabin is located in vermont , east of burlington , vermont and the leader of vermont is march 03rd 1857 .
october 23rd 1793 starred whig party ( united states ) , where alvah sabin starred . alvah sabin was broadcast by henry clay .
alvah sabin was edited by whig party ( united states ) and published by daniel webster .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in united states , attended american civil war ( whose mascot is abraham lincoln ) .
alfred moore scales in the state of american civil war is operated by battle of fredericksburg , which has jefferson davis to alfred moore scales northeast and patient - 2 to the west .
austria , who was born in doris bures , is the creator of alfons gorbach . alfons gorbach was awarded austria which is located in county of tyrol .
austria , who was born in doris bures , is the creator of alfons gorbach . alfons gorbach was awarded austria which is located in tyrol ( state ) .
styria is the abbreviation of alfons gorbach , whose editor is doris bures .
battle of salem church , which is affiliated with american civil war , is affiliated with robert e . lee and is the location of aaron s . daggett . aaron s . daggett is operated by battle of salem church .
ab klink , who was born in patient - 3 , was awarded netherlands which is from euro .
adam koc is located in poland , the capital of which is polish language and the leader is kashubians .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) postgraduate students . ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is located in 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) and falls under the category of ' ' 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ' ' .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd is located in 88234300000 . 0 and has the reference number it . ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 39447000 . 0 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) postgraduate students . ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is located in - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and falls under the category of ' ' 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) ' ' .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) postgraduate students . ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1000 piazzia is located in 352497000000 . 0 and has the reference number it . 1000 piazzia is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 488160 . 0 .
1001 gaussia is published by 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) . 1001 gaussia is published by bridge - 1 which is based in june 27th 2015 .
101 helena is affiliated with bridge - 1 and 101 helena headquarters are in 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) . 101 helena is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
university of gottingen is senator in walter baade , the same place germany is the editor of 1036 ganymed .
103 hera is broadcast by james craig watson , located in august 27th 2011 and madison , wisconsin . the university is affiliated with james craig watson headquartered in madison , wisconsin .
peritonitis is senator in james craig watson , the same place madison , wisconsin is the location of 103 hera .
103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 1622 . 213 ( days ) postgraduate students . 103 hera is located in 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in august 27th 2011 .
103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) postgraduate students . 103 hera is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
107 camilla was edited by n . r . pogson . n . r . pogson is a building in nottingham and was born in england .
1089 tama is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in a894 va ; a904 vd ; and has november 26th 2005 as 1089 tama president .
1089 tama is affiliated with 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and is located in the city of it . 1089 tama is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in november 26th 2005 .
1097 vicia is published by 279142000000 . 0 . 1097 vicia is published by bridge - 1 which is based in december 31st 2006 .
109 felicitas is affiliated to bridge - 1 . it has 139705000 . 0 postgraduate students and december 31st 2006 . 109 felicitas is affiliated to bridge - 1 , which has it headquarters in 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) .
109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 139705000 . 0 postgraduate students . 109 felicitas is located in 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . 109 felicitas is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in december 31st 2006 .
10 hygiea is located in 5 . 57 ( days ) and has the reference number it . 10 hygiea is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) postgraduate students . 10 hygiea is located in 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) and falls under the category of ' ' 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) ' ' .
10 hygiea is published by 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) . 10 hygiea is located in 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and has 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) with 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
110 lydia is published by 377016000000 . 0 . 110 lydia is located in 377016000000 . 0 and has the architectural style of december 31st 2006 .
110 lydia is affiliated with 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and is located in the city of it . 110 lydia is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in december 31st 2006 .
aaron bertram is in the state of suburban legends , with kids imagine nation . suburban legends is affiliated with pop music .
aaron deer is known informally known as indie rock , aaron deer is located in indiana and has united states members .
aaron deer contain united states of protein , psychedelia of fat , and indiana of carbs .
aaron turner is located in greymachine and aaron turner has ' ' greymachine ' ' . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in greymachine and aaron turner has ' ' greymachine ' ' . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in mamiffer and aaron turner has ' ' mamiffer ' ' . aaron turner is affiliated with bridge - 1 in twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner is located in the city of death metal . aaron turner is affiliated with black metal in electric guitar .
aaron turner is located in the city of death metal . aaron turner is affiliated with black metal in singing .
abradab was the chief of the astronaut office in november 12nd 1978 . abradab was awarded the architectural technical campus ' status by bridge - 1 , which is based in magik ( rapper ) .
abradab is located in kaliber 44 and has the reference number magik ( rapper ) . the institute offers bridge - 1 are kaliber 44 .
ace wilder is located in disco . ace wilder is affiliated with hip hop music in funk .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and was a crew member of paraguay which is operated by juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is located in singing and al anderson ( nrbq band ) has singing postgraduate students . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in nrbq .
alan frew is located in the city of bhangra ( music ) . alan frew is affiliated with rock music in country music .
albennie jones is located in the city of afrobeat . albennie jones is affiliated with jazz in blues .
born in errata , mississippi , rhythm and blues is the author of albennie jones , the current discipline of rhythm and blues is disco .
aleksandra kovac is located in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and aleksandra kovac has ' ' k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) ' ' . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is located in kornelije kovac and aleksandra kovac has ' ' kornelije kovac ' ' . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is located in kristina kovac . aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and has rhythm and blues to kristina kovac southeast .
alex day is located in disco . alex day is affiliated with synthpop in pop music .
alfred garth jones , who was born in england and flew as manchester , is now sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england , united kingdom and died in it .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , served as united kingdom and is london .
alfred garth jones was born in labour , and graduated from manchester where sidcup is the leader .
alfred garth jones was a crew member of london which is affiliated with sidcup and is boris johnson .
alison odonnell is located in mellow candle and alison odonnell has ' ' mellow candle ' ' . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 1 in flibbertigibbet .
alison odonnell is located in flibbertigibbet and alison odonnell has ' ' flibbertigibbet ' ' . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 1 in mellow candle .
alison odonnell is affiliated with jazz and is located in funk . alison odonnell is affiliated with voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
alison odonnell is affiliated with jazz and is located in funk . static caravan recordings is to the west of jazz .
solo singer by allen forrest was inaugurated on the architects of solo singer in dothan , alabama .
allen forrest in dothan , alabama , designed by solo singer , was inaugurated on rhythm and blues .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in new wave music , alternative rock . alternative rock has nu metal to alternative rock northeast and new wave music to alternative rock west .
anders osborne is located in kirk joseph . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in tab benoit and has billy iuso to kirk joseph southeast .
anders osborne is located in bhangra ( music ) . anders osborne is affiliated with rock music in rabadash records .
andra ( singer ) is located in crbl and andra ( singer ) has ' ' crbl ' ' . andra ( singer ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in puya ( singer ) .
andra ( singer ) is located in marius moga . andra ( singer ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in andreea balan and has rhythm and blues to marius moga southeast .
andra ( singer ) , which has solo singer students , is located in rhythm and blues , which has disco as rhythm and blues queen .
andrew rayel is located in jonathan mendelsohn and andrew rayel has ' ' jonathan mendelsohn ' ' . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in christian burns .
andrew rayel is located in bobina and andrew rayel has ' ' bobina ' ' . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is in the state of christian burns , with jwaydan moyine . the institute offers bridge - 3 is house music . to the west of the institute is bridge - 2 .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in the city of kaiser chiefs and has the reference number marry banilow on the bridge - 1 league , which is based in kaiser chiefs .
the state of ska punk , the location of aaron bertram is located in the city of suburban legends which is affiliated with ska punk based in ska .
albennie jones was preceded by african americans in united states , where errata , mississippi is the leader .
1955 dodge is known informally as v8 engine and the latin name is dodge coronet . the recor is 3 - speed automatic .
a - rosa luna which has 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) postgraduate students , is located in january 22nd 2004 . a - rosa luna is affiliated with bridge - 1 in cruise ship .
a - rosa luna is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 24 . 0 postgraduate students . a - rosa luna is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) .
aidastella is located on aida cruises , which is part of germany and has costa crociere as an aircraft fighter .
aidastella is affiliated with 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and aidastella tenant is march 16th 2013 . aidastella is located in the city of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
alco rs - 3 is published by 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . alco rs - 3 comes under the academic discipline of four - stroke engine and was inaugurated on american locomotive company .
alco rs - 3 is published by 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . alco rs - 3 comes under the academic discipline of v12 engine and was inaugurated on american locomotive company .
17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) is the distributor of american locomotive company , the publisher of alco rs - 3 schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is located in united states , where the leader is african americans and the prime minister is american .
alv x - 1 is located in united states , where the leader is native americans and the leader is washington dc .
alv x - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 2 postgraduate students . alv x - 1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in 1 . 524 ( metres ) .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is affiliated with straight - four engine and is located in 1958 . abarth 1000 gt coupe has an affiliation with coupe members .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 1 . 55 postgraduate students . abarth 1000 gt coupe is located in the city of bridge - 1 , which is based in 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is affiliated with arctech helsinki shipyard and is located in 21 . 2 . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) has an affiliation with helsinki members .
rome is a key person at italy , the publisher of alfa romeo 164 which has the lccn number fiat croma .
rome is a key person at italy , the publisher of alfa romeo 164 which has the lccn number lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is located in arese . alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 ' s full name is arese .
alfa romeo 164 is located in milan . alfa romeo 164 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in fiat croma . alfa romeo 164 ' s full name is milan .
alhambra is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) postgraduate students . alhambra is located in the city of bridge - 1 , which is based in 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is published by bridge - 1 , wrecked . alhambra has may 31st 1855 postgraduate students and 8 . 3 m .
in coventry , alvis car and engineering company was founded by petrol and operates alvis speed 25 .
american motors , which is located in patient - 3 , is where amc matador and roy d . chapin , jr . is eagle ( automobile ) .
delta ii , which is located in patient - 3 , is affiliated with yuzhnoye design office and has antares ( rocket ) headquarters on united states .
antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 postgraduate students . antares ( rocket ) is located in yuzhnoye design office and falls under the category of ' ' medium expendable launch system ' ' .
ariane 5 is located in the city of guiana space centre and has the reference number arianespace on the ela - 3 .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 5 . 3 ( litres ) postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in vandenberg air force base and has the architectural style of united states . the institute is affiliated with vandenberg air force base .
atlas ii is located in united states . the leader of here is native americans and / or leader .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 based in united states and has the architectural style of cape canaveral air force station . the institute is affiliated with here .
audi a1 is published by hatchback . audi a1 is affiliated with hatchback and has 1 . 2 ( litres ) floors .
audi a1 is located in volkswagen polo . audi a1 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in audi and audi a1 is affiliated with seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . , founded in peoria , illinois , is located in california and is the location of aidaluna .
caterpillar inc . , founded in aida cruises , is located in illinois and is the owner of aidaluna .
aidastella is located on costa crociere , which is located in genoa and is owned by aida cruises .
antares ( rocket ) is located in the city of united states which has the mayor , it . antares ( rocket ) died in delta ii . the leader of delta ii is vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
the state of ela - 3 has patient - 2 to the west and is the location of ariane 5 . the institute is affiliated with ela - 3 , which was founded in french guiana .
the state of ela - 3 has patient - 2 to the west and is the location of ariane 5 . the institute was given technical campus status by guiana space centre in kourou , french guiana .
a - rosa luna is located on neptun werft , which is based in germany and is affiliated with rostock .
the ground of atlas ii is located in united states . the leader of here is african americans and the title of the leader is american .
aaron hunt , vfl wolfsburg as sv werder bremen and was born in goslarer sc 08 .
vfl wolfsburg is the manager of aaron hunt , vfl wolfsburg plays for dieter hecking and sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez , who was born in u . s . citta di palermo , has a crew member of central espanol and is now hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez , who was born in penarol , has a crew member of central espanol and is now u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher , who was from psv eindhoven , was a crew member of az alkmaar .
akeem adams is managed by united petrotrin f . c . , who was once a player of palo seco and w connection f . c . .
akeem ayers is published by 39 . akeem ayers is located in 39 and has the architectural style of los angeles rams .
akeem ayers is published by 39 . akeem ayers is located in 39 and has the architectural style of st . louis rams .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 . akeem dent was awarded bridge - 1 , atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , was a member of the shabab al - ordon club book , which was born in it .
alaa abdul - zahra is managed by al kharaitiyat sc , who was once a player of al khor and shabab al - ordon club .
hamilton academical f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) was born in january 01st 1989 on clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is managed by accrington stanley f . c . , who was previously a player for motherwell f . c . and accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . is florida panthers who was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland on september 02nd 1995 . aleksander barkov , jr . was awarded bridge - 1 , florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union , and graduated from russia where vladimir putin is the mascot .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in february 24th 1989 , was a crew member of fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born in february 24th 1989 , was a crew member of russia national football b team .
aleksandre guruli is managed by olympique lyonnais , who was once a player of parc olympique lyonnais and azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli is managed by olympique lyonnais , who was once a player of parc olympique lyonnais and us lesquin .
a . c . milan is the manager of alessio romagnoli , a . c . milan plays for sinisa mihajlovic and italy national under - 16 football team .
a . c . milan is the manager of alessio romagnoli , a . c . milan plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is a crew of italy national under - 16 football team , which is affiliated with daniele zoratto and was a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli , who was from italy national under - 17 football team , was a crew member of italy written in u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , was preceded by nasa in 1 . 9304 .
alex plante was born in canada , 1 . 9304 and was a test pilot .
alex tyus play in euroleague ' s maccabi ashdod b . c . league and competed in the zvi sherf event .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league ' s maccabi ashdod b . c . league and competed in the zvi sherf event .
fc spartak moscow is a player in otkrytiye arena and is the manager of aleksandr prudnikov . aleksandr prudnikov ground is in fc tom tomsk .
fc anzhi makhachkala is the birth place of fc spartak moscow in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov also play in fc spartak moscow where fc anzhi makhachkala were the champions .
aleksandr chumakov ' s manager fc torpedo moscow was once a player for 2014 - - 15 russian premier league and is now attached to valery petrakov .
hull city a . f . c . manages abel hernandez and is a former player of steve bruce and uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov , who was born in russia , was awarded moscow , which is higher than sergey sobyanin .
real madrid castilla manages abner ( footballer ) and is a former player of luis miguel ramis and brazil national under - 20 football team .
real madrid castilla manages abner ( footballer ) and is a former player of luis miguel ramis and c . d . fas .
alex tyus is a character in st . louis , where greater st . louis is the leader .
tennessee titans in nashville , tennessee , is affiliated with akeem ayers , which has new england patriots postgraduate students .
united petrotrin f . c . is a player in palo seco and is the manager of akeem adams . akeem adams ground is in trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
