1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba (id1)
acharya institute of technology . its president is b . m . reddy . (id2)
. kerala has mahe , india to its northwest (id3)
meride (id4)
romania ' s capital bucharest (id5)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen (id6)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 16000 students . (id7)
1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab . (id8)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum (id9)
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore (id10)
acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . (id11)
the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . (id12)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff . (id13)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore and has 700 students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
the leader of kerala is kochi . awh engineering college mahe , india is northwest of kerala state where the (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . romania the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane . (id16)
romania ethic group is the germans of romania ; its leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id18)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id19)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges river is also found in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum in india , at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . (id21)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india . (id22)
acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology . the school offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id23)
alba iulia . romania ' s capital is bucharest . which is part of alba county 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university in the city of alba iulia . (id24)
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . aarhus magistrate (id25)
the leader of kerala is kochi . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . (id26)
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania . , its capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania (id27)
romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . (id28)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala . it has an academic staff of 250 . . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor . (id29)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . (id32)
established in 2001 in mumbai , india , awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250 employees . awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor . (id33)
india ' s largest city is mumbai awh engineering college is located in india . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india . (id34)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id35)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is located to its northeast mols . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . aarhus magistrate (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland and its dean is mario botta . . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff accademia is located in ticino , (id37)
bangalore , karnataka in india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id38)
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india was established in 2000 and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id39)
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . . the religion is the church of denmark . (id40)
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . (id41)
awh engineering college is located in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai . college was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india . (id42)
romania ethic group is the germans of romania ; its leader is klaus iohannis romania patron saint andrew the apostle , its capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania (id43)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id44)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland . the dean is mario botta . was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 staff members . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in mendrisio . . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor . (id45)
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and and its motto is nurturing excellence . acharya institute of technology karnataka , india . the (id46)
the institute was given the ` technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai and to the of telangana . the institute offers tennis karnataka has to the arabian sea . the acharya institute of technology karnataka governed by the international tennis federation . (id47)
germans of romania . one of the ethnic groups . prime minister alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis . the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane . 1 decembrie 1918 university in the city of alba iulia . romania (id48)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id49)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . aarhus magistrate (id50)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id51)
