aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .




abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .

abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend
adenan satem attended university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .


agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .

airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .





alberto teisaire is argentina .

alfons gorbach died in austria .

alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .






robert e . lee was the american civil war commander .
austria has austrian german .
battle of antietam was commanded by robert e . lee .

gabriela michetti leads buenos aires .
colin powell was the gulf war commander .

josef klaus attended university of vienna .


netherlands is led by mark rutte .
united states army battled in spanish - - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart . aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett was awarded purple heart . aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg .

abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and went on to attend technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .



abner w . sibal was involved in world war ii . world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin .
united states army was involved in korean war .
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge and was also born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend it was born in kent .
adam koc was involved in world war i . adam koc won virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave won military cross .
airey neave was involved in battle of france .
battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was involved in world war ii . franklin d . roosevelt was the commander of world war ii .
world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .

alfons gorbach was born in austria . its ' s birthplace is austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . its ' s birthplace is austria .

daniel gould fowle graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
united states army was involved in american civil war .
world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin . allan shivers has fought in world war ii .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .

alvah sabin was born on october 23rd 1793 .
agnes kant is located in netherlands , whose currency is euro .
agnes kant is from netherlands , led by mark rutte .
parkersburg , west virginia in united states albert b . white died in it .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam it was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud lives in sarawak it was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and went on to attend technical institute , kaduna .


abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . its ' s birthplace is ponteareas .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain .
abner w . sibal was involved in world war ii . world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens .
adam holloway was involved in gulf war . george h . w . bush was the gulf war commander .
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge faversham is the birthplace of it .
adam koc was born in congress poland . adam koc battled in polish - - soviet war . it was commanded by leon trotsky .
adam koc was involved in polish - - soviet war . leon trotsky was the polish - - soviet war commander .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .

agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant was was born in west germany and was a student at radboud university nijmegen .
airey neave was involved in world war ii .
airey neave was involved in world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group from here .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
staten island is the birthplace of albert jennings fountain . albert jennings fountain was born in new york but died in united states .
buenos aires city legislature is the governing body of buenos aires . horacio rodriguez larreta leads it . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz . its ' s birthplace is county of tyrol .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .

alvah sabin is from vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd 1793 . whig party ( united states ) is led by henry clay .
daniel webster leads whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont .
abraham lincoln was the commander of american civil war . it was a battle involving albert jennings fountain . albert jennings fountain was born in united states .
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of fredericksburg . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria . doris bures is a leader in austria .
alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ( state ) ) died in austria . doris bures leads austria .
alfons gorbach died in styria . it died in austria . austria is lead by doris bures .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of salem church . battle of salem church was commanded by robert e . lee .
netherlands currency is euro . ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
adam koc is poland . kashubians is an ethnic group in poland . polish language is spoken in it .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine but died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it was involved in american civil war .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine but died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in netherlands . it graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in kuching .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .


abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain .
united states abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . native americans are an ethnic group in here .
adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . it was involved in gulf war .
adam koc is poland . polish language is spoken in poland . adam koc fought battles in polish - - soviet war . it was commanded by joseph stalin .
adam koc was involved in polish - - soviet war . adam koc died in new york city . it was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . its ' s currency is euro .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant was netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was involved in world war ii . chiang kai - shek was the commander of world war ii .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . french is spoken in new york . albert jennings fountain was involved in american civil war . it was commanded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . it was involved in american civil war . albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york but died in united states . albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . it was born in staten island .
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . united states army battled in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
alvah sabin is in vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin is from vermont . daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . robert e . lee was the american civil war commander .
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it lives in kuching it originates from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21st 1936 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem attended university of adelaide .


abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . it is here .
abraham a . ribicoff was united states . it died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . native americans are an ethnic group in united states . abraham a . ribicoff is here .
adam holloway was born in kent and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is a leader in netherlands .
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . its ' s birthplace is cleveland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . its ' s birth date is may 20th 1891 .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in graz . it died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . it was born in tyrol ( state ) .
alvah sabin is in vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . it is from vermonts 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin ( born in georgia , vermont ) died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district . it is in vermont .
alfred moore scales is in united states . battle of gettysburg was a battle involving it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
alfred moore scales is in united states . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander . siege of petersburg is one of the battles of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here .
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina .
