11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge in united states , and falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 in adams county , pennsylvania . it is in pennsylvania . (id1)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania falls under the category of contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it . adams county is east of franklin county . (id2)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the legislature has been dedicated to the soldiers . it designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner is made of red granite and white marble . (id3)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . it is dedicated to the soldiers . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner created the legislature . the legislature is made of red granite and white marble . (id4)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was founded on july 11st 1907 and belongs to historic districts in the united states it is in maryland . (id5)
united states alan bean is now retired . he spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean was a crew member who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th 1932 . (id6)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . alan shepard had distinguished service medal awards . nasa ' s apollo 14 mission crew included alan shepard . it is higher than department of commerce gold medal . (id7)
alan bean ' s birth name is alan lavern bean . apollo 12 was organized by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 . it was commanded by david scott . alan bean ( retired june 1981 ) was a crew member of it . (id8)
buzz aldrin is from united states . a member was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . nasa selected a member in 1963 . he graduated from a fighter pilot and was also born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id9)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and went on to attend a fighter pilot . a member crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as the backup pilot . he was born on january 20th 1930 . (id10)
buzz aldrin is from united states . a member was fighter pilot . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . william anders was the backup pilot of him . he was born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id11)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the apollo 11 crew . nasa selected him in 1963 . a member , a student at 1963 from mit and was born on january 20th 1930 . (id12)
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . alan shepard had distinguished service medal awards . he died in it . smilodon is a fossil from nasa . distinguished service medal is higher than department of commerce gold medal . (id13)
william anders is the united states . he graduated from afit in 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 before retiring on september 01st 1969 . william anders was fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . (id14)
william anders was born in british hong kong . apollo 8 was organized by nasa . its ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . william anders retired september 01st 1969 . he was a crew member of it . (id15)
william anders is retired . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of it . william anders was part of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he graduated from afit in 1962 . (id16)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in mendrisio , switzerland . it has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is called mario botta . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in ticino . (id17)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . it is in the state of karnataka . (id18)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute was established in 2000 . (id19)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . it headquarter is in brussels . church of denmark is the religion of denmark . denmark is led by monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . (id20)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . its ' s dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . european university association headquarter is in brussels . (id21)
awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . awh engineering college was established on 2001 and is in the country . (id22)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the capital is bucharest . the anthem of it is called desteapta - te , romane . germans of romania is an ethnic group in the country . the leader is the leader of romania . (id23)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which has 16 , 000 students students , was established in 1928 . (id24)
