' s regional amatriciana sauce includes pecorino romano .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre which is a
arros negre comes from catalonia
a traditional dish from the valencian community
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore
tomato blt and contains
baked alaska comes from hong kong
served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g
shumai is a variation of batagor .
batagor fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is indonesia
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji
dish also contains taro .
, bionico variations include cottage cheese .
bionico comes from the jalisco region .
chicken is a class of bird
india where the currency is the indian rupee
sumitra mahajan are leaders .
indonesia . the indonesian language is spoken
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group
malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
new york and the language spoken is spanish .
and comes from china .
peanut sauce siomay
. malays are an ethnic group of sumatra
the leader of the united kingdom is david cameron .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce , from italy .
leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla arem - arem
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain .
asam pedas is indonesia the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
from indonesia ayam penyet from malaysia .
a blt . and the club sandwich .
and the ingredients include bacon and sausage .
sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin bacon sandwich .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is from france sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france .
baked alaska is from the united states meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska .
bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is in the family of apiaceae .
bandeja paisa containing chicharron from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes come from france , where claude bartolone
batagor peanut sauce is an ingredient of the indonesian dish
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as an ingredient .
palm sugar beef kway teow is singapore
beef kway teow is singapore where the leader is halimah yacob
. the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia .
whose people are known as indians . bhajji comes from india .
bhajji originates from india , where t . s . thakur and
binignit in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit banana is one of the main ingredients in the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana
enrique pena nieto is a leader in mexico , where the dish
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient of bionico .
. bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake .
indonesia whose leader is joko widodo . bakso is a dish from indonesia .
and shumai ( which include shitake mushrooms ) .
amatriciana sauce comes from the region of lazio , italy . guanciale
arem contains banana leaf arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is a flowering plant tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which in italy .
the main ingredients of the malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is from indonesia .
. variations include the blt ( which includes lettuce ) and the club sandwich . blt
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader . white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
the blt is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the club sandwich . the bacon sandwich uses bread
is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from both france and the new york region . sponge cake
baked alaska . manuel valls is a leader in france . the euro is the currency in france .
baked alaska is from the united states baked alaska is from the new york region christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert . sponge cake
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . it . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region . . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia . beef
, is one of the ingredients of bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine hogao is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
barny cakes come from manual valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
batchoy comes from the philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and vegetable
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow originates from singapore . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia .
beef kway teow originates from singapore . beef kway teow , found in singapore and indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from indian where the currency is the indian rupee and a leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana sweet potato is of the order solanales .
bionico is a mexican dessert granola is an ingredient of bionico .
bionico from guadalajara region is found in mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is from italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is found in arabic speaking philippines . igorot people .
tony tan is the leader of singapore . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken .
the tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the tomato is of the order solanales .
lazio tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of an amatriciana sauce from italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where the capital is rome sergio mattarella is a leader . pietro grasso is the leader of italy
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers cuttlefish is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre .
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . white rice
arros negre is from spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre is from the catalonia region led by the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay batak is the ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
asam pedas is malaysia the minangkabau people are an ethnic group of sumatra . asam pedas ) and sumatra ( ethnic malays ) .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans live . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
bacon explosion asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
a blt is a variation of both the bacon sandwich ( which contains ketchup ) and the club sandwich . bacon sandwich is from united kingdom .
the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . is found in the uk , has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in
baked alaska and cookies are considered desserts . african americans are an ethnic group . baked alaska is from the united states
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska comes from either paris , new york or hong kong sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska .
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska , made with ice cream is from the us .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient in
and contains the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots bakso is popular in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots
the kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine
bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon is from the paisa region columbian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , hogao .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher francois hollande
the indonesian dish batagor and is a variation of siomay . shumai ( containing shiitake ) .
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and pork batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy which comes from the philippines . batchoy soup includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow main ingredients of the dish are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil dish beef kway teow is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is also a leader of singapore . standard chinese is a language spoken is spoken in singapore .
beef kway teow and the ingredients are : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia .
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . , also known as bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables .
bhajji come from the karnataka region , and contains gram flour and vegetables . it is also known as bhaji and bajji .
binignit is sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to flowering plants . binignit it includes sago and sweet potato is of the order solanales .
dish from the region of visayas . binignit comes from the philippines . the main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
bionico is a mexican dessert bionico comes from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient of bionico .
bionico is a food found in mexico the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
baduy are an ethnic group of java ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java .
the llocano people and the zamboangans are a group batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken . ethnic groups of the philippines include the zamboangans and igorot people .
philippine english is the language of the philippines . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . binignit , philippines .
philippine english is the language of the philippines . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . binignit originates from the
arem - arem leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla , but is more specific to java . indonesia , where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
bacon explosion comes from the united states bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . . english is the language spoken in the united states and the capital city is washington dc .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls where french is the spoken language and gerard larcher is the leader . baked alaska comes from hong kong
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department in colombia . one of the rosids lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is found in antioquia department
barny cakes is from france where the leader is gerard larcher where french is spoken and francois hollande is the leader . barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . variations of siomay , which includes peanut sauce , are : batagor and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . shumai and batagor are variations of the siomay dish .
batagor leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla . shumai contains shiitake ) , shumai , and siomay
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji is from the karnataka region .
bionico is a food found in mexico a dessert called the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . is a dessert containing honey
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region . is a dessert containing honey
is the leader of catalonia . carles puigdmont , in spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and the spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre comes from catalonia
rome is the capital of italy whose leader is matteo renzi . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy .
italians inhabit italy , where the capital is rome . it amatriciana sauce sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy , whose leader is matteo renzi . italian is spoken in italy . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . fried chicken ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in malaysia , singapore and java
the javanese people are an ethnic group of java . singapore is english language ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore . from java .
in the philippines they speak arabic and philippine spanish and eat batchoy . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and the chinese filipino people .
the language spoken is spanish . spain ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
where felipe vi is leader . ajoblanco is found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spaniards are from spain .
