1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english . grantville gazette ii which in turn was preceded by the grantville gazette preceded grantville gazette ii . (id1)
cornell university , ithaca , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with land grant universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities . (id2)
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . african americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press . (id3)
a loyal character dancer is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . native americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press . (id4)
soho press is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in here . a loyal character dancer was published by them . (id5)
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states , where the language is english . english is spoken in great britain . washington dc is the capital of it . native americans live in here . (id6)
australians is the country of origin of into battle . these books were published in the following order : aenir , above the veil , into battle and the violet keystone . aenir was preceded by castle . (id7)
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here . english is spoken in great britain . (id8)
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . barack obama is the leader of here . asian americans live in it . (id9)
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . asian americans live in it . 1634 : the galileo affair preceded 1634 : the ram rebellion . (id10)
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . americans live in here . african americans live in it . (id11)
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in it . the leader of here is known as leader . (id12)
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of georgia . americans live in here it is led by leader . asian americans are an ethnic group within it . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia is in united states it is part of georgia . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id14)
potter county , texas is in texas . texas is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas . (id15)
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is located in united states . amarillo is part of potter county , texas . english is spoken in them . austin is the capital of texas . (id16)
potter county , texas is situated in the state of texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas english is spoken in them . amarillo is part of it . (id17)
fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . anderson has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . (id18)
english is spoken in california . antioch , california is part of nasa . it is part of contra costa county . california ' s 11th state assembly district leads it . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area . (id19)
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for it is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia . (id20)
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . attica , indiana is part of united states . it is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . (id21)
lee county is in alabama . alabama is from united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id22)
auburn is in united states it is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is part of king county , washington . (id23)
georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas . austin is in texas . english is spoken in texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . austin is part of it . (id24)
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is part of it . (id25)
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is part of it . spanish is spoken in texas . houston is the largest city in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is in texas . (id26)
indiana is in united states . alexandria is in madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of indiana . american english is spoken in the state of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of it . (id27)
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of them . houston is the largest city in texas . (id28)
texas is in united states . arlington is part of them . austin is the capital of the united states , and its state capital is austin . fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county in texas . (id29)
new jersey is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . new york city is the largest city in here . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id30)
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of linn county , oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . native americans are an ethnic group in it . (id31)
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . asian americans are an ethnic group in it . (id32)
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and african americans live . american live in here angola indians is part of steuben county . (id33)
lee county is in the state of alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . washington dc is the capital of here . auburn , alabama is part of it . (id34)
lee county is in united states auburn , alabama is part of it . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id35)
new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of trenton and the ethnic group of native americans . newark is the largest city of n . j . . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . (id36)
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states . albuquerque , in new mexico , is part of new mexico . leader leads it . english is spoken in here . it is led by barack obama . (id37)
angola , indiana comes from united states where the language is english and asian americans live . americans live in here angola indians is part of steuben county . (id38)
akron , ohio comes from united states , which has washington dc and contains the ethnic group native americans . barack obama leads here . akron is part of summit county , ohio . (id39)
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of here . americans live in the united states it is led by leader . african americans are an ethnic group within it . (id40)
11th mississippi infantry monument is found in seminary ridge , gettysburg . 11th mississippi infantry monument , united states , is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 . (id41)
11th mississippi infantry monument , situated in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it . (id42)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade . its ' s leader is prime minister . (id43)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan . baku is the capital city and azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade . the legislature in it is national assembly . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . (id44)
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . turkey is led by ahmet davutoglu . its ' s leader is president of turkey . (id45)
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . (id46)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . (id47)
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology . (id48)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . european university association headquarter is in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it is led by monarchy of denmark . (id49)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college employs about 250 academic staff . mumbai is india ' s largest city . it is located in india . (id50)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . (id51)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id52)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . the city of the city is governed by magistrate . the headquarters of the school is in brussels . mols is to the northeast of it . (id53)
american duncan rouleau created baymax . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . big hero 6 stars alan tudyk . (id54)
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for fc bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . italian ' s leader is pietro grasso . ac lumezzane ground is in italy . (id55)
stuart parker manages a . f . c . blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is labour . their ground ground is in it . (id56)
a . s . gubbio 1910 ( italy ) played in serie d , which s . s . robur siena were champions . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . leader is spoken in it . (id57)
the olympic stadium is located in marousi . gus poyet plays for chelsea fc and real zaragoza while also being a manager at aek athens fc their ground ground is in the olympic stadium . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where leader is spoken . rome is the capital of italy . its ' s leader is pietro grasso . italians inhabit it . (id59)
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in the country where the capital is rome , the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella . italy is inhabited by italians . (id60)
arem - arem originates from indonesia where the currency is indonesian rupiah . its ' s leader is jusuf kalla and indonesian spoken is a leader is available nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . (id61)
asam pedas is from sumatra and malay peninsula . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur and asam pedas was written . (id62)
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . (id63)
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . (id64)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . malaysian malay people are from malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in malaysia where abu zahar ujang is president and where asam pedas is from . (id65)
bacon explosion is made of bacon and sausage . it is bacon and sausage and can be found in united states . bacon explosion is from the kansas city region . (id66)
bacon explosion is located in united states , where one of the official languages is english and the leader is paul ryan . washington dc is here . white americans are an ethnic group in it . (id67)
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains ketchup . brown sauce is a main ingredient in bacon . bacon is a variation of a blt sandwich dish found in united kingdom . (id68)
baked alaska are found in france where french people are led by gerard larcher and manuel valls . baked alaska is from hong kong . (id69)
antioquia department is from colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . lemon from the order of rosids are in bandeja paisa recipes . it is from the an ingredient region . (id70)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and french is spoken . barny cakes includes sponge cake . (id71)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of shumai . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found . (id72)
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . siomay is a variation of shumai and batagor . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where one can find it . (id73)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai and batagor is a variation . batagor is a variation of siomay . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where it can be found . (id74)
bhajji has different names including : bhaji or bajji . bhajji is karnataka and uses gram flour . it is gram flour and vegetables and can be found in india . (id75)
bhajji is from india , where indians live . t s thakur is a leader in india . vajubhai vala is the leader in karnataka where bhajji comes from . (id76)
bhajji located in india whose leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . indians are from india . bhajji comes from karnataka . (id77)
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico . (id78)
dessert bionico , can be varied using honey . mexico is lead by enrique pena nieto , spanish is the official language and is home to bionico . (id79)
bionico is dessert . bionico is from jalisco . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . it is a variation of a honey dish found in mexico . (id80)
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from . (id81)
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and laura boldrini . rome is the capital of italy . (id82)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians are from italy . (id83)
amatriciana sauce are found in italy where italian people are led by matteo renzi and pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy . (id84)
fried chicken is an ingredient of ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet comes from java and malaysia and singapore . an ethnic group are an ethnic group in the country . (id85)
java is home to ayam penyet and the javanese . tony tan is the leader of singapore . english is spoken in singapore where ayam penyet is a dish . (id86)
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . (id87)
ajoblanco comes from spain where the language is spanish and spaniards live . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds . (id88)
ajoblanco is from spain , where spaniards live . felipe vi is the leader of it . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds . (id89)
united states alan bean is now retired . alan bean , who was chosen by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member , was born in wheeler , texas . (id90)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was a member of the apollo 14 crew . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 was organized by nasa . (id91)
william anders , united states , was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . it was commanded by frank borman . william anders was born in british hong kong . (id92)
united states buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . glen ridge born a member was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin is united states . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member , fighter pilot , was born in glen ridge , new jersey . (id94)
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . he is now retired . a member graduated from 1963 from mit . (id95)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . william anders was the backup pilot of him . a member is retired . (id96)
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . a member has retired . he was on the crew of apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as a backup pilot . (id97)
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . nasa ' s apollo 14 crew included alan shepard . alan shepard died in nasa . (id98)
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . he was united states . (id99)
william anders is from united states . william anders , who was part of the apollo 8 crew , retired in september 01st 1969 . he was fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . (id100)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii . denmark uses faroese . it is part of the central region . (id101)
the runway length at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 4100 . 0 and named 14l / 32r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 metres above sea level , is operated by enaire . (id102)
agra airport is situated in india , is run by the indian air force and has a runway of 1818 m . the location identifier for it is viag . agra airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . (id103)
the location identifier for al asad airbase , iraq is oraa . its ' s runway length is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at the battle , operated by al asad airbase . (id104)
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and it icao identifier is oraa . the battle runway length is 3992 . 88 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at it , operated by al asad airbase . (id105)
al asad airbase , the operating organization for al asad airbase , was involved in libya in 1986 and has general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in it . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers . (id106)
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase whose aircraft carriers transport ac - 130 . usaf aircraft carriers was involved in grenada . operation enduring freedom was a battle involving usaf aircraft carriers . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in it . (id107)
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 733 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport . alderney airport is 88 metres metres above sea level . (id108)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan with runway 18l / 36r at 3310 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . (id109)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18r / 36l at 2900 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . (id110)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan in united states at 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan . (id111)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan with runway 7 / 25 at 1533 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan with runway 1 / 19 at 2744 . 0 long . alpena county , michigan and it is 210m above sea level and serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located at wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m above sea level . its ' s runway length is 1533 . 0 and it serves alpena , michigan . (id114)
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo with runway 05l / 23r at 3800 . 0 long . angola international airport is 159m above sea level and serves the city of luanda . (id115)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece . (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . greece is led by alexis tsipras . its ' s leader is prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece . (id117)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , whose leader is don guardian . (id118)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium . philippe is the leader of belgium . charles michel is the leader of it . (id119)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , united states , new jersey . the location identifier for atlantic city international airport is kacy . egg harbor township is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id120)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid . harrietstown , new york is in united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york . saranac lake , new york , lake is served by it . (id121)
adirondack regional airport is located in saranac lake harrietstown , new york essex county , new york . harrietstown , new york is in united states . the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid . (id122)
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force . it is part of awadh . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of indian air force . (id123)
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , whose leader is ram naik . india ' s air force has a helicopter known as hal light combat helicopter and also operates agra airport . (id124)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . iraq is led by haider al - abadi . its ' s leader is fuad masum . arabic is spoken in iraq . (id125)
200 public square is located in cleveland , united states . cleveland is part of ohio in cuyahoga county , ohio . the building was completed in 1985 . (id126)
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york is a building with 12 floors . it has a total floor area . new york , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was begun in january 2014 . (id127)
300 north lasalle is in chicago where illinois is rahm emanuel . springfield is the capital of illinois . chicago is in united states . (id128)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc faroese is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii is the leader of the country . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel . (id129)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international , with bill marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of the hotel . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is the language of denmark . (id130)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is spoken in denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel . (id131)
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of the grounds of adare manor and palace of westminster . adare manor is located in republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny . (id132)
government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall . it was built in 1961 . building , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id133)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan , at the following addres : 142 nakadori . akita museum of art are three floors at akita prefecture . (id134)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . some chinese people are an ethnic group in japan where taro aso is president and where akita museum of art is from . (id135)
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . mason school of business is located in it in united states . college of william & mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall . alan b . miller was designed by robert a . m . stern . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . the leader is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where ahmedabad is located . it is located in gujarat . (id137)
ampara hospital is situated in sri lanka of eastern province , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe . sri lanka is lead by austin fernando . it is located in the region of ampara district . (id138)
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of it . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader in the country . eastern provincial council is the governing body of sri lanka . (id139)
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach and other significant buildings in los angeles herald examiner building . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle . (id140)
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and other significant buildings in asilomar state beach . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle . (id141)
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states . new york city is part of new netherland in manhattan . it is lead by cyrus vance jr . . (id142)
john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row . birmingham city council is the governing body of the city . b postcode area are postal codes for birmingham . labour politician , john clancy is the leader of it . (id143)
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where the capital is washington dc , and key leaders are barack obama and john roberts . leader is a leader in here . (id144)
aida cruises is located in germany . aida cruises operated aidastella . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere . it is owned by costa crociere . (id145)
aida cruises operate aidastella . (id146)
 (id147)
 (id148)
washington dc is the capital of united states . the star - spangled banner is the anthem of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit the united states . (id149)
american motors matador is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car . (id150)
p & o ( company ) is in london . p & o ( company ) owns alhambra . (id151)
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors . (id152)
 (id153)
 (id154)
 (id155)
 (id156)
 (id157)
guiana space centre is headquartered in french guiana . arianespace is located in courcouronnes . ela - 3 is operated by arianespace . (id158)
 (id159)
 (id160)
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom . (id161)
audi a1 class is supermini . (id162)
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron . (id163)
caterpillar inc . is in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california . it was founded in united states aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . (id164)
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states . douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it . (id165)
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it . (id166)
costa crociere is located in genoa . costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere . (id167)
finns are from finland . juha sipila is the leader of it . sami languages is spoken in finland . (id168)
rostock is in germany . berlin is the capital of germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . joachim gauck is the leader of it . (id169)
rostock is in germany . rostock is the home of neptun werft . berlin is the capital of germany . andreas vosskuhle is the leader of it . (id170)
washington dc is the capital of united states . native americans are an ethnic group in here . americans inhabit it . english is the language of the united states . (id171)
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division abel hernandez plays for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol (id172)
fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . aleksandr chumakov died in russia . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia . (id173)
fc karpaty lviv manages aleksandre guruli and plays for oleh luzhny and olympique lyonnais . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of it . olympique lyonnais ground is parc olympique lyonnais . (id174)
a . c . milan manages alessio romagnoli and plays for sinisa mihajlovic and u . c . sampdoria . a . c . milan play in serie a (id175)
sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is chairman of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . (id176)
u . s . citta di palermo manages abel hernandez and plays for giuseppe iachini and uruguay national football team . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division (id177)
fc amkar perm manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for gadzhi gadzhiyev and fc spartak moscow . sergey rodionov is the chairman of it . fc spartak moscow ground is otkrytiye arena . (id178)
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc spartak moscow . fc spartak moscow ' s chairman is sergey rodionov . its ' s ground is in grozny . (id179)
fc terek grozny manages aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc dynamo moscow . aleksandr prudnikov is affiliated with fc spartak moscow fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . (id180)
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . fc torpedo moscow manages aleksandr chumakov and plays for valery petrakov and soviet union national football team . fc torpedo moscow played in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league . (id181)
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is the chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is palo seco . (id182)
ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome . (id183)
 (id184)
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin . (id185)
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . (id186)
walter baade was born in german empire , graduated from university of gottingen , and died in gottingen . (id187)
walter baade was born in german empire and went on to attend university of gottingen . (id188)
walter baade was born in german empire . walter baade graduated from university of gottingen . it was germany . (id189)
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin . (id190)
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . it died in madison , wisconsin . (id191)
 (id192)
 (id193)
 (id194)
n . r . pogson is england . n . r . pogson died in chennai . it was born in nottingham . (id195)
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . (id196)
 (id197)
 (id198)
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it lives in kuching it originates from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21st 1936 . (id199)
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud lives in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem attended university of adelaide . (id200)
 (id201)
 (id202)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . it is here . (id203)
abraham a . ribicoff was united states . it died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . native americans are an ethnic group in united states . abraham a . ribicoff is here . (id205)
adam holloway was born in kent and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge . (id206)
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and went on to attend magdalene college , cambridge . (id207)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece . (id208)
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is a leader in netherlands . (id209)
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . (id210)
agnes kant is netherlands . agnes kant lives in doesburg emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . (id211)
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id212)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . its ' s birthplace is cleveland . (id213)
albert b . white was born in cleveland . (id214)
albert b . white was born in cleveland . (id215)
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . (id216)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . its ' s birth date is may 20th 1891 . (id217)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in graz . it died in styria . alfons gorbach was born in austria . (id218)
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in styria . alfons gorbach died in graz . it was born in tyrol ( state ) . (id219)
alvah sabin is in vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . it is from vermonts 3rd congressional district . (id220)
alvah sabin ( born in georgia , vermont ) died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district . it is in vermont . (id221)
alfred moore scales is in united states . battle of gettysburg was a battle involving it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander . (id222)
alfred moore scales is in united states . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander . siege of petersburg is one of the battles of it . native americans are an ethnic group in here . (id223)
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina . (id224)
aaron bertram is ska punk . (id225)
aaron deer is indie rock . (id226)
aaron turner is black metal . (id227)
aaron turner is sludge metal . (id228)
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland on november 12nd 1978 . (id229)
ace wilder , born in sweden , was singing . ace wilder was born july 23rd 1982 . (id230)
ace wilder , born in stockholm , was songwriter . ace wilder was born july 23rd 1982 . (id231)
ace wilder is hip hop music . (id232)
ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder is hip hop music . (id233)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music . (id234)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music . (id235)
alan frew , born in coatbridge , was musician . (id236)
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is pop music . (id237)
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues . (id238)
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom . (id239)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . boris johnson is a leader in london . alfred garth jones died in london . (id240)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . labour is a leader in manchester . alfred garth jones died in london . (id241)
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland . (id242)
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz . (id243)
alison odonnell is jazz . (id244)
alison odonnell is jazz . (id245)
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is acoustic music . it was born in fort campbell . (id246)
anders osborne is rock music . (id247)
anders osborne is blues . (id248)
andra ( singer ) born in campia turzii served as singer , reality television judge . andra ( singer ) is dance - pop . (id249)
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , was singing . andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues . (id250)
andrew rayel is trance music . (id251)
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is trance music . (id252)
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel is trance music . (id253)
andrew rayel is trance music . (id254)
 (id255)
allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is hip hop music . (id256)
allen forrest is hip hop music . (id257)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by parliament of the united kingdom . labour is the leader of it . it died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . (id258)
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . spanish is spoken in paraguay . juan afara is the leader of it . mestizo are an ethnic group in paraguay agustin barboza died in it . (id259)
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock . (id260)
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock . (id261)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music . (id262)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is rock music . (id263)
twilight ( band ) is black metal . (id264)
montevideo are found in uruguay where spanish people are led by daniel martinez ( politician ) and raul fernando sendic rodriguez . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . (id265)
