april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
the founder of bananaman is bbc . (id2)
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
the full name of bibbo is bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
an alternative name for black pirate is jon valor . (id7)
john buscema was an award winner at eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is american . (id9)
marv wolfman was an award winner at kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird ( united states ) and considered to be in the comics genre . (id13)
bbc broadcasted bananaman which starred jill shilling . (id14)
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv , . (id15)
born in derbyshire , tim brooke - taylor , starred in bananaman . (id16)
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk . (id17)
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . (id18)
created by steven t . seagle , baymax , is a character in big hero 6 . (id19)
created by roger mckenzie , the full name of ben urich is ' ' benjamin urich ' ' . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id21)
created by marv wolfman , the full name of bibbo bibbowski is ' ' bibbowski ' ' . (id22)
asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french . (id23)
bananaman starred tim brooke - taylor and was broadcast for the last time by april 15th 1986 on bbc . (id24)
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 , it that stars scott adsit and in which baymax makes baymax first appearance . (id25)
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax is a character in big hero 6 . (id26)
walt disney studios motion pictures stars in big hero 6 in which baymax is a character . big hero 6 is distributed by ryan potter . (id27)
blockbuster is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as mark desmond and was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
' ' larry bolatinsky ' ' is also known as bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin . (id29)
bolt is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn . (id30)
bbc , which is located in broadcasting house , and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio . (id31)
bananaman first aired on jill shilling on stv and was broadcast by it on steve bright . jill shilling was created by october 03rd 1983 and starred steve bright . (id32)
baymax was created by american , duncan rouleau and is now ryan potter . baymax was created by the united states , american duncan rouleau . (id33)
bolt is a comic character otherwise know as larry bolatinsky . bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon ( national of puerto rican ) . (id34)
alan tudyk in big hero 6 in which baymax , created by american duncan rouleau , is a character in the film which stars steven t . seagle . (id35)
