albany , georgia has an area code of 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of united states . (id2)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as mayor . (id3)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico ' s house of representatives . (id4)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico . (id5)
amarillo has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo is part of randall county , which is in texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township . (id8)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
antioch , california has an area code of 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
auburn has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin is part of texas . (id19)
spanish is the language of california . (id20)
the largest city in dekalb county in georgia is dunwoody , georgia . (id21)
fulton county is located in united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is located in united states . (id24)
the largest city in michigan is detroit . (id25)
orange county in california is located in united states . (id26)
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon . (id27)
the largest city in tarrant county in texas is fort worth in texas . (id28)
the leader of united states is barack obama . (id29)
united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol . (id30)
akron , ohio is from united states , where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id31)
albany , oregon is located in oregon , the leader of which is salem . (id32)
albuquerque , new mexico is made from united states and is written in united states house of representatives . (id33)
amarillo is located in united states , texas . (id34)
anaheim , california is located in california and is made with united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california is in orange county , california , which is part of united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is in adams township , madison county , indiana , which is part of united states . (id37)
antioch , california has a runway length of 13 . 0 and is located in 75 . 324 square km . (id38)
arlington has a runway length of 184 . 0 and is located in 258 . 2 sqk . (id39)
arlington is in texas , which is part of united states . (id40)
atlanta is located in georgia , united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is published in united states , the capital of which is washington dc (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , which is part of united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre postgraduate students and the oclc number is it . (id45)
auburn is in pierce county , washington , which is part of united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is located in united states , the capital of which is washington dc . (id47)
the capital of united states is washington dc and amarillo , texas comes from there . (id48)
the country of albuquerque , new mexico is united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . (id49)
albany , georgia is an example of united states where native americans are an ethnic group . (id50)
the country of auburn , alabama is united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . (id51)
akron , ohio originates from united states , where the official language is english . (id52)
the head of state of united states is known as leader . here is home to albuquerque , new mexico . (id53)
albany , georgia is a traditional dish from united states , where dougherty county , georgia is the ethnic group . asian americans is an ethnic group in here . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico in new mexico has 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km students and is 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is a traditional dish from the united states region of african americans . fulton county are an ethnic group in here . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is a traditional dish from the united states region of asian americans . georgia are an ethnic group in here . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is a food found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . (id58)
anaheim , california has a floor area of minus 7 and the oclc number 657 , 714 . (id59)
anaheim , california is located in california state senate , which is part of california state capitol , california . (id60)
lafayette township , madison county , indiana is part of indiana in united states and is the location of anderson , indiana . (id61)
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , asian americans are the ethnic group of the united states . (id62)
antioch , california is located in contra costa county , san francisco bay area , and united states house of representatives . (id63)
arlington is located in tarrant county in texas , united states , where the leader party is fort worth in texas . (id64)
atlanta is a food found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . (id65)
the lccn number of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre , that is in 347 . 1 square kilometres and has 404 members . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . newark is the leader of n . j . . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , in united states , where the leader is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama and is part of united states . (id69)
auburn is located in the city of washington state , a country where washington dc is the leader . (id70)
auburn is located in washington state , where the capital is olympia and the leader is united states . (id71)
albany , georgia is located in georgia , which is lead by dougherty county , georgia . (id72)
alexandria is located in madison county , indiana , which is part of anderson , indiana and is led by united states . (id73)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where the capital city is trenton . (id74)
arlington is located in texas , where the leader is english and / or houston . (id75)
attica , indiana is found in united states , where the capital city is washington dc . (id76)
attica , indiana is located in united states , fountain county , indiana capital of which is washington dc . (id77)
akron , ohio is from united states , where the capital is washington dc and english is the capital . (id78)
akron , ohio is a traditional dish from summit county , ohio and is also found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
benton county , oregon , an ethnic group in united states , in the country of albany , oregon is benton county , oregon . albany is a food found in here , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id80)
barack obama , president of united states is asian americans , which is one of the ethnic groups of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico was published in here . (id81)
african americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and albany , georgia comes from . (id82)
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and angola , indiana comes from . (id83)
georgia is spoken in united states , where native americans is spoken and where english is spoken . the country is the location of albany , georgia . (id84)
albuquerque , new mexico is part of 490 . 9 square kilometres . albuquerque , in new mexico , has 505 and 575 of 486 . 2 square kilometers and is affiliated with it . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is located in fulton county , georgia , georgia , united states and is part of atlanta . (id86)
amarillo is in potter county is , which is ruled by washington dc . african americans is united states leader of it . (id87)
amarillo is in potter county is , texas . the leader of texas is austin and the united states is one of the languages spoken . (id88)
anaheim , california is located in california , in california state assembly , which has spanish as california state capitol . (id89)
anderson , indiana is located in 268 . 0 , 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson has an elevation of 107 . 43 square kilometres metres above sea level . (id90)
angola , indiana is located in indiana , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , united states and is 16 . 55 square kilometres above the state of indiana . (id91)
antioch , california at thepatient - 4 has minus 7 floors with a total area of 102372 and was inaugurated in the oclc number of it . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in ` ` mayor ' ' . atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre students and 609 staff . (id93)
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is the location of auburn , alabama in lee county , alabama , alabama . (id94)
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , which is part of alabama , united states . here is home of african americans and the language of the united states is dubridge - 2 . (id95)
auburn is located in united states , king county , washington , pierce county , washington . washington dc is a leader of pierce county . (id96)
auburn is located in the city of king county , washington in the the state of washington dc , united states . the leader of here is washington state . (id97)
austin is located in hays county , texas , which is part of houston . the airport is operated by hays county , texas . (id98)
anaheim , california is located in california state assembly , in california , where the leader is california state capitol . the leader of nasa is chinese . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia , united states , fulton county , georgia , which is governed by atlanta . (id100)
anderson , indiana is located in lafayette township , madison county , indiana , indiana , united states , where indianapolis is the leader . (id101)
arlington is located in texas , english . united states is the leader of texas . (id102)
albany , oregon is from united states , where benton county , oregon is the united states leader and washington dc is an ethnic group . (id103)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , where the capital city is washington dc . the leader of new jersey is new york city . (id104)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states which is lead by african americans barack obama and where leader is one of the ethnic groups . (id105)
albuquerque , new mexico is a food from new mexico where the capital is asian americans and is led by john sanchez . (id106)
albany , oregon is located in united states , where there is a ethnic group called asian americans and has washington dc as an ethnic group . (id107)
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states , where the leader is known as barack obama . native americans is one of the ethnic groups there . (id108)
albany , georgia is from united states , where the language is native americans and one of the ethnic groups are english . (id109)
angola , indiana is a dish from united states , indiana where english is it leader and asian americans is spoken . (id110)
angola , indiana is a dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana where english is it leader and asian americans is spoken . (id111)
albany , georgia is located in asian americans , where americans is the leader , united states is the location of albany , georgia . here is led by asian americans , and georgia . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is found in the city of patient - 4 , united states , where the leader is atlanta . alpharetta , georgia is also found in fulton county , georgia , where native americans are an ethnic group . (id113)
the leader of the state of texas is washington dc and united states is the location of amarillo , texas in potter county is . in texas one of the languages is english . (id114)
amarillo is in potter county is , united states , potter county , texas . the capital of potter county which is in texas is austin and english is potter county , texas language spoken it . (id115)
amarillo is in potter county is , where english is spoken . united states is the capital of texas . (id116)
anderson , indiana is located in fall creek township , madison county , indiana , 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , united states and is anderson township , madison county , indiana above 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id117)
antioch , california is located in san francisco bay area , california . antioch , ca leader is known as california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is spoken in the state . (id118)
atlanta of 404 has 344 . 9 square kilometres and is located . atlanta has 404 and is located . atlanta is located in 404 and has 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and is 404 long . (id119)
attica , indiana is located in united states , logan township , fountain county , indiana attica , indiana is 166 . 0 and is owned by logan township , fountain county , indiana . the airport has an elevation of 4 . 14 sq km metres above sea level and has a runway length of 166 . 0 . (id120)
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama . african americans are an ethnic group of alabama and washington dc is the language spoken . (id121)
auburn is located in king county , washington , pierce county , washington , united states and is owned by 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id122)
the leader of texas is round rock and them is the location of austin . austin is located in williamson county , texas which is lead by georgetown . (id123)
austin is in hays county , texas , san marcos texas , hays county , texas . the leader of texas is houston . (id124)
austin is located in hays county , texas , spanish , texas . the leader of texas is san marcos texas and the leader of them is houston . (id125)
indianapolis is the leader of indiana which is lead by united states and has indiana ethnic group of american english . indiana is the location of alexandria , indiana . (id126)
fort worth is the leader of tarrant county in texas , spanish , houston , and arlington , texas which is located in texas is found in them . (id127)
arlington is located in tarrant county in texas , austin , texas . their ' s capital is united states and it leader is fort worth in texas . (id128)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . its ' s capital is new york city ; washington dc leader is white americans and washington , d . c . ethnic group is it . (id129)
linn county , oregon are an ethnic group in united states wpart here population is known as washington dc . albany , oregon is a food found in bridge - 1 . albany is also known of american . (id130)
albany , oregon is located in united states wthe united states washington dc is here asian americans and washington d . c . title is it . one of it ethnic groups in bridge - 1 are american . (id131)
angola , indiana is located in steuben county , in united states , where african americans is the leader . steuben county , indiana are one of the ethnic groups of here . (id132)
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . here ( leader is alabama and the language spoken is native americans . (id133)
native americans and auburn , alabama are located in lee county , alabama , alabama , where opelika is a leader . (id134)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , newark , new jersey . its ' s capital is patient - 4 , patient - 4 leader is native americans and newark ethnic group there are the native americans . (id135)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , english . the leader of here is new mexico and the language spoken is barack obama . (id136)
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from asian americans , united states . americans is the language spoken in the united states , where steuben county , indiana is the leader and it is spoken . english are an ethnic group in here . (id137)
washington dc is summit county , ohio barack obama of native americans . united states is native americans origin of akron , ohio . (id138)
albany , georgia is located in united states wthe united states african americans is here american and african american title is americans . the united states official language of bridge - 1 is leader . (id139)
