aaron s . daggett won the purple heart (id1)
aaron s . daggett the battle of mine run (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands (id3)
abdul rahman yakub inofficewhilevicepresident tuanku bujang tuanku othman (id4)
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak (id5)
abdul taib mahmud successor sulaiman abdul rahman taib (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state (id9)
abner w . sibal activeyearsenddate 1965 - 01 - 03 (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent (id12)
adam holloway and lives in the gravesend (id13)
adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov (id15)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras (id16)
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio (id19)
airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 (id20)
airey neave won the military cross (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london (id22)
airey neave militaryrank lieutenant colonel (id23)
airey neave servicestartyear 1935 (id24)
albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) (id25)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white (id26)
albert jennings fountain militarybranch union army (id27)
alberto teisaire , argentina (id28)
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral in the argentine navy (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria (id30)
alfred moore scales activeyearsstartdate 1875 - 03 - 04 (id31)
alfred moore scales the battle of chancellorsville (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut (id33)
alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut (id34)
allan shivers activeyearsstartdate 1947 - 01 - 21 (id35)
allan shivers militarybranch united states army (id36)
allan shivers successor price daniel (id37)
alvah sabin activeyearsstartdate 1853 - 03 - 04 (id38)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) (id39)
american civil war was commanded by robert e . lee (id40)
austria is austrian german (id41)
battle of antietam was commanded by robert e . lee (id42)
battle of cold harbor ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id43)
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires (id44)
gulf war was commanded by colin powell (id45)
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower (id46)
josef klaus . he graduated from university of vienna (id47)
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco (id48)
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) (id49)
netherlands where the leader is mark rutte (id50)
united states army the spanish - - american war (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland (id52)
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett the battle of fredericksburg (id53)
aaron s . daggett the battle of gettysburg aaron s . daggett won the purple heart (id54)
abdul rahman yakub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman yakub (id55)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak (id56)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna abdulsalami abubakar . he graduated from technical institute , kaduna (id57)
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state (id58)
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash (id59)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 (id60)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe (id61)
abner w . sibal the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin (id62)
abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army united states army and fought in the korean war . (id63)
adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id64)
adam holloway and lives in the gravesend adam holloway was born in kent (id65)
adam koc the world war i adam koc won the virtuti militari (id66)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis was born in athens (id68)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally (id69)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) parliamentary group leader (id70)
airey neave won the military cross airey neave unit royal artillery (id71)
airey neave the battle of france airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 (id72)
airey neave the battle of france battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle (id73)
airey neave the world war ii airey neave was born in knightsbridge (id74)
airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by franklin d . roosevelt (id75)
airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin (id76)
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 (id77)
albert b . white profession politician albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 (id78)
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico albert jennings fountain was born in new york city (id79)
albert jennings fountain inofficewhilevicepresident edmund j . davis albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory (id80)
albert jennings fountain party republican party ( united states ) albert jennings fountain was born in new york city (id81)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in austria (id84)
alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales successor james w . reid ( politician ) (id85)
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle daniel gould fowle . he graduated from princeton university (id86)
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) united states house of representatives (id87)
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army united states army the american civil war (id88)
allan shivers the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin (id89)
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) (id90)
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers successor ben ramsey (id91)
alvah sabin was born on secretary of state of vermont workedas ) office ( workedat , 1793 - 10 - 23 alvah sabin (id92)
netherlands and the currency is the euro . agnes kant , netherlands (id93)
netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant , netherlands (id94)
parkersburg , west virginia , united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia (id95)
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett was born in maine aaron s . daggett the battle of fredericksburg (id96)
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands (id97)
abdul rahman yakub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman yakub (id98)
abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud party barisan raayat jati sarawak (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state abdulsalami abubakar . he graduated from technical institute , kaduna abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) (id100)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar (id101)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar (id102)
abel caballero was born in ponteareas abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the congress of deputies abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) (id103)
abel caballero was born in spain abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) abel caballero party spanish socialist workers party (id104)
abner w . sibal the world war ii abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin (id105)
abner w . sibal workedas ) office ( workedat , member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens (id106)
adam holloway the gulf war gulf war was commanded by george h . w . bush adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards (id107)
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id108)
adam koc the polish - - soviet war adam koc was born in congress poland polish - - soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky (id109)
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war polish - - soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky (id110)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens (id111)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) minister for health adonis georgiadis was born in athens (id112)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras new democracy ( greece ) colour blue adonis georgiadis party new democracy ( greece ) (id113)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) (id114)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands ) (id115)
agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the house of representatives agnes kant was born in west germany agnes kant . he graduated from radboud university nijmegen (id116)
airey neave the world war ii airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id117)
airey neave the world war ii airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id118)
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03 (id119)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson (id120)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island albert jennings fountain died in united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id121)
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain was born in new york city albert jennings fountain was born in staten island (id122)
albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island (id123)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires buenos aires is the governing body buenos aires city legislature buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta (id124)
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina (id125)
alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol alfons gorbach was born in austria (id126)
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district (id127)
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district (id128)
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . . (id129)
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont (id130)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 whig party ( united states ) where the leader is henry clay (id131)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont (id132)
american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war albert jennings fountain was born in united states (id133)
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales the battle of fredericksburg battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id134)
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol alfons gorbach died in austria (id135)
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach died in austria (id136)
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach died in austria (id137)
battle of salem church was commanded by robert e . lee battle of salem church ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war aaron s . daggett the battle of salem church (id138)
netherlands and the currency is the euro . ab klink was born in stellendam ab klink , netherlands (id139)
poland is polish language adam koc kashubians are an ethnic group american poland poland (id140)
aaron s . daggett the american civil war aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury aaron s . daggett was born in maine (id141)
aaron s . daggett the battle of the wilderness aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury aaron s . daggett was born in maine (id142)
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas ab klink workedas ) office ( workedat , ministry ab klink was born in netherlands (id143)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia (id144)
abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak (id145)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party barisan raayat jati sarawak (id146)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo abdul taib mahmud and lives in the sarawak abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu (id147)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar (id148)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force (id149)
abel caballero inofficewhilemonarch juan carlos i of spain juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco abel caballero inofficewhileprimeminister felipe gonzalez abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) (id150)
abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) minister of transport abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) abel caballero was born in spain abel caballero party spanish socialist workers party (id151)
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . american abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut abraham a . ribicoff (id152)
adam holloway the gulf war adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id153)
adam koc the polish - - soviet war poland is polish language polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin adam koc , poland (id154)
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin (id155)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) vice - president of new democracy adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id156)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id157)
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id158)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands and the currency is the euro . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer (id159)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands ) (id160)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer (id161)
agnes kant , netherlands socialist party ( netherlands ) colour red socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands ) (id162)
airey neave the battle of france airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id163)
airey neave the battle of france airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id164)
airey neave unit royal artillery royal artillery garrison hohne airey neave the world war ii world war ii was commanded by chiang kai - shek (id165)
albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland (id166)
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04 (id167)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york french language american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war (id168)
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico albert jennings fountain was born in new york city albert jennings fountain the american civil war american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis (id169)
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island (id170)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta alberto teisaire party justicialist party alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id171)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina (id172)
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina (id173)
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army united states army the whiskey rebellion alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district (id174)
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district (id175)
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut (id176)
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor price daniel allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas (id177)
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas (id178)
alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont (id179)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont (id180)
battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war american civil war was commanded by robert e . lee aaron s . daggett the battle of gettysburg aaron s . daggett won the purple heart (id181)
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire , argentina argentina and the language spoken is spanish . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id182)
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id183)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 (id184)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak abdul taib mahmud and lives in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak adenan satem . he graduated from university of adelaide (id185)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe militarybranch nigerian navy mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar (id186)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya (id187)
abraham a . ribicoff died in united states abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff ( workedat , american abraham a . ribicoff governor of connecticut workedas ) office (id188)
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff (id189)
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff american abraham a . ribicoff died in new york (id190)
adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway office ( workedat , workedas ) member of parliament for gravesham adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id191)
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge (id192)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras antonis samaras inofficewhileprimeminister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id193)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer (id194)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) where the leader is khadija arib agnes kant and lives in the doesburg (id195)
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant and lives in the doesburg emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer (id196)
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03 (id197)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland (id198)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 (id199)
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04 (id200)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id201)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 (id202)
alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach party austrian peoples party alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in austria (id203)
alfons gorbach died in styria alfons gorbach party austrian peoples party alfons gorbach died in graz alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach was born in imst (id204)
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois (id205)
alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont alvah sabin in the state of vermont alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois (id206)
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales , united states . alfred moore scales the battle of gettysburg the native americans are an ethnic group . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id207)
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales the siege of petersburg siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id208)
juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire , argentina argentina and the language spoken is spanish . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id209)
