103 colmore row ( located in birmingham ) has 23 floors , work started on it in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital of it , and ethnic groups are coloured people and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , a city in united states that is governed by cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county , united states ( local rahm emanuel ) .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 300 floors floors covering 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3arena is in dublin , leinster in republic of ireland . 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is marriott international . its ' s architect was 3xn firm .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . limerick city and county council governs county limerick .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . filipinos are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is vietnamese people .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is many brazilians .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 are located in pacific grove , california and were added to the national register of historic places on february 27th 1987 with 87000823 .
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 are located in avenue a , manhattan and were added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd 1980 with 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . cyrus vance jr . is a leader in manhattan .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . andrew mitchell is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . labour is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is leader in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and t s thakur .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is in united kingdom . london is the capital city and united kingdom leader is elizabeth ii . london is lead by parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states where joe biden is leader . english is spoken in here .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which has artur rasizade as prime minister . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
monocacy national battlefield is in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in it and was established july 11st 1907 . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland .
ataturk monument made of bronze is located in turkey , whose leader is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is turkey .
ataturk monument in turkey , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey .
albany , georgia is from united states where they speak english and native americans live . albany in georgia is part of georgia .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 and 575 . the population density of albuquerque is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . it covers 486 . 2 square kilometers . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states . alpharetta , georgia is in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . it is part of fulton county , georgia .
potter county , texas was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . amarillo is in potter county which is in texas .
potter county , texas is in texas . amarillo is in united states it is part of potter county which is in texas . austin is the capital of them .
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . anderson is 268 . 0 above sea level . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is in united states it is part of indiana . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana . it has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a utc offset of minus 7 . the population of antioch , ca is 102372 . antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . the area codes for it are 925 .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . ` ` mayor ' ' is the leader of it .
lee county is in alabama . auburn , alabama is in united states it is part of lee county , alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group within the united states .
lee county is located in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group of here . auburn , alabama is part of it .
pierce county , washington is in united states . auburn is part of pierce county . auburn , washington is in king county , washington . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
auburn is from united states where the capital city is washington dc . auburn , washington is part of washington state . it is part of king county , washington .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . austin is part of it .
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . chinese is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa .
georgia is in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is in the u . s . state of georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of the state of indiana .
texas was published in united states in english . houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is part of them .
albany , oregon was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon .
new jersey in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . washington dc is the capital of here . new york city is the largest city in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where the leader is called leader and there are many african americans . barack obama leads here .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where the leader is called new mexico and there are many asian americans . john sanchez leads new mexico .
albany , oregon was published in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico originates from united states where the leader is called mayor of albuquerque and native americans live . barack obama leads here .
albany , georgia is from united states where they speak english and native americans live . albany in georgia is part of here .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
jens hartel is manager of 1 fc magdeburg , plays for fsv zwickau club , sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona and plays for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio he was born in italy .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona he was born in italy .
efxeinoupoli is the home ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , have 1500 members and are in epsth 2nd group . their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is conservative party ( uk ) . their ground ground is in blackpool .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is gordon marsden . their ground ground is in it .
afc fylde or association football club fylde is based in warton , fylde , lancashire has 3180 members and were in season 2014 season .
afc fylde or association football club fylde is based in bryning lane has 3180 members and were in season 2014 season .
paulo sousa is manager of acf fiorentina , plays for inter milan , juventus fc and maccabi tel aviv f . c . .
aek athens fc play at greece in superleague of greece them played in the season 2014 season and has 69618 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax and operated by afc ajax . afc ajax n . v . owns their .
afc ajax ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) , with 5000 members , participated in season 2014 . afc ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed joden , godenzonen .
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar , plays for vitesse arnhem , netherlands national football team and afc ajax .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . vila nova futebol clube are former champions of campeonato brasileiro serie c , and their are also in the same competition .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
st vincent - st mary high school in akron , ohio is where akron summit assault is located . akron is a part of summit county , ohio . it is from united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peter stoger is manager of 1 . fc koln , plays for fc admira wacker modling , fk austria wien and sk vorwarts steyr .
abilene regional airport in abilene is 546m metres above sea level and abilene regional airport runway length is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport has 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport , serving the city of lake placid and saranac lake , has an elevation of 507 meters . its ' s runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is situated in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , is run by enaire and has a runway of 3500 m . it has 18l / 36r .
agra airport is in india and has iata . viag is the icao location identifier of agra airport . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is located in iraq with runway 08 / 26 at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq with runway 09r / 27l at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada . ac - 130 can be found on usaf aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport is situated in pakistan , is run by pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway of 2900 . 0 m . it serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol in amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and 3800 feet runway length is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schipol has 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan .
amsterdam airport schiphol in amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and 3800 feet runway length is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schipol has 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which is 12 metres and is run by flemish region . antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , headquartered in ashgabat and turkmenistan . turkmenbashi international airport is the hub for turkmenistan airlines .
athens international airport in spata is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city , new jersey , which is led by don guardian , is served by atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , united states . atlantic city international airport owner is south jersey transportation authority headed by stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken . belgium is led by charles michel .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where french is spoken . belgium is led by philippe .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in harrietstown , new york . it is in united states . saranac lake is part of essex county , new york .
al - taqaddum air base is located in fallujah , iraq , whose leader is fuad masum . kurdish is spoken in iraq .
al - taqaddum air base is located in fallujah , iraq , whose leader is haider al - abadi . kurdish is spoken in iraq .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . lahore in pakistan is served by it . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bbc produces bbc radio . it is located in broadcasting house .
stv broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling . steve bright created bananaman .
american duncan rouleau is the creator of baymax , which featured in big hero 6 ( starring ryan potter ) .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , puerto rican .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii .
1634 the ram rebellion , which was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has 512 pages and was put into e book with 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) was published by lippincott williams & wilkins , a subsidiary of wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where the journal is located .
a fortress of grey ice is in hardcover with the oclc 51969173 and isbn 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice .
a loyal character dancer is in hardcover with the oclc 49805501 and isbn 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong .
a loyal character dancer , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans live in here .
soho press is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press .
' ' a wizard of mars , which was written by diane duane , has 560 pages and was put into hardcover with 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , acta math . hungar . , is focused on math and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 . hungar and has the lccn number 83646315 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , acta palaeontol . pol . , is focused on paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 . pol . it has the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has 1732 - 2421 . pol . it is published by polish academy of sciences . it has the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
cornell university of ithaca , new york , new york is affiliated with land grant universities . administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university .
aenir , which was written by garth nix , has 233 pages and was put into paperback with 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . african americans live in here .
johns hopkins university press is from united states . american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university who published the american journal of math .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in here .
' ' a wizard of mars , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . barack obama is a leader in here .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . barack obama is a leader in here .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here .
alan bean was born in united states of wheeler , texas . alan bean , hired by nasa in 1963 , spent over 100305 minutes in space .
nasa ' s apollo 14 crew included alan shepard . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong represented by chris patten . among the crew of apollo 8 were william anders and frank borman .
buzz aldrin , born in glen ridge , new jersey , was on the crew of apollo 11 but has since retired . a member attended 1963 from mit .
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . nasa selected a member in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member had january 20 , 1930 awards .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
dianne feinstein is one of the senators of california , where alan shepard died . his ' s distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
united states elliot see was born in dallas . he graduated from university of texas at austin . elliot died in st . louis .
william anders served as fighter pilot . nasa ' s apollo 8 crew included him . william anders joined nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in india where the ganges river flows .
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in india .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by it . acharya institute offers sports including tennis . the location is the governing body of tennis .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the city of aarhus is governed by magistrate . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of the country .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . kochi is the leader of kerala .
1 decembrie 1918 university comes from romania where germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is bucharest desteapta - te , romane is the anthem of it .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania ( bucharest ) . the leader is the leader of romania .
tomato amatriciana sauce can be found all over italy , and lazio . amatriciana sauce is guanciale .
arrabbiata sauce located in italy whose leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . rome is the capital of italy .
arros negre is made of cuttlefish and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
arros negre is made of white rice and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
arros negre is from catalonia in spain . spaniards are the main ethnic group in spain . the parliament is a leader in the country .
asam pedas is from sumatra , malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of sumatra is a food .
asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra where the minangkabau are an ethnic group . ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas comes from malaysia .
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here .
bacon explosion is from united states where john roberts is the president and there are many asian americans . washington dc is the capital of here .
bacon sandwiches ( united kingdom ) , a variant on club sandwich and blt sandwich , contains ketchup .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains condiments . brown sauce is the main ingredient of bacon , found in united kingdom .
baked alaska is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . baked alaska is from united states , which includes african americans .
baked alaska is made of sponge cake and christmas pudding . baked alaska is united states found in paris , new york and hong kong .
baked alaska is made of meringue and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from france , the united states or china and hong kong .
baked alaska is made of ice cream and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from united states and hong kong .
fruit is an ingredient in bakewell tart . bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , derbyshire . bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
bakso is made of tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso comes from indonesia and southeast asian countries .
noodles bakso can be found all over indonesia , and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso is patient - 4 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains kidney beans . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains hogao . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
barny cakes are found in france where french people are led by francois hollande and gerard larcher .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . batagor comes from indonesia . siomay is a variation of shumai and it .
batchoy is made of pork and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . batchoy comes from philippines and la paz , iloilo city .
batchoy is soup which contains chicken . batchoy from philippines is made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is made of sesame oil and kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow comes from indonesia and singapore .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . bhajji comes from india and karnataka .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji and contains vegetables . karnataka dish bhajji includes gram flour and vegetables .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato ( a member of the solanales flowering plants order ) .
binignit is made of sago and coconut milk . binignit comes from philippines and visayas .
bionico is dessert which contains granola . bionico comes from mexico and jalisco .
bionico is made of sour cream and chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from mexico and guadalajara .
bionico is dessert found in mexico , whose leader is silvano aureoles conejo . cookies is dessert .
indonesia bakso contains tapioca . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where you will find it .
ayam penyet is located in the region of java of singapore , which is lead by tony tan . baduy people are from java .
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , ilocano people and philippine spanish is spoken there .
batchoy is eaten in philippines . philippines include zamboangans , igorot people and arabic is spoken there .
binignit is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
binignit is dessert and sandesh is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
sv werder bremen ii play in 3 liga it plays for sv werder bremen and alexander nouri while managing aaron hunt .
hull city a . f . c . manages abel hernandez and plays for steve bruce and penarol . abel hernandez is affiliated with central espanol
jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez played for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . it is affiliated with penarol
u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a abel hernandez is affiliated with penarol it plays for giuseppe iachini and manages abel hernandez .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12nd 1986 .
columbus blue jackets is in columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid plays for boston bruins .
akeem ayers was born july 10th 1989 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27th 1987 .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and al - zawraa sc . its ' s ground is in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and iraq national under - 23 football team . its ' s ground is in al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc has been manager of alaa abdul - zahra and plays for amar osim and shabab al - ordon club . its ' s ground is in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for crewe alexandra f . c . it plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) high .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 01st 1989 . it plays for scotland national under - 21 football team it plays for crewe alexandra f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) high .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar it is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) high . it plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow it is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) high . it plays for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . it plays for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc zestafoni . aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) high .
alex plante was born in canada on may 09th 1989 . its ' s club is anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada . alex plante is 1 . 9304 . it plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . inuktitut is spoken in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada . asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . elizabeth ii is the leader of it . o canada is the anthem of canada . slavey language is spoken in canada .
fc terek grozny has been manager of aleksandr prudnikov and plays for rashid rakhimov and fc kuban krasnodar . its ' s ground is in grozny .
valery petrakov was the manager of fc torpedo moscow and it participated in 2014 - - 15 russian premier league . aleksandr chumakov is in it . aleksandr tukmanov is chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
houston texans is in houston . houston texans is in texas .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division abel hernandez is affiliated with penarol hull city a . f . c . plays for steve bruce and manages it .




1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .
walter baade was born in german empire and went on to attend university of gottingen .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf and went on to attend university of gottingen .
walter baade graduated from university of gottingen it died in west germany .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan it died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is canada . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham but died in chennai .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham but died in chennai .
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .



10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga .

1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj .



aida cruises is located in rostock . aida cruises operate aidastella . it is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere . aida cruises operate aidastella .


american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york


american motors matador is also known as amc matador .
vam classic is also known as amc matador . amc matador class is mid - size car .
acura tlx class is mid - size car .
acura tlx class is luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .
finns live in finland juha sipila is the leader of it .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .


alhambra is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry .
roy d . chapin , jr . was a key person at american motors .




london is united kingdom .



audi a1 class is supermini .
audi was founded by august horch . audi belongs to audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . is in illinois . caterpillar inc . was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises .
costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . costa crociere is located in genoa .




general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut . general dynamics owns general dynamics electric boat .
germany , which is home to rostock , is led by stanislaw tillich . neptun werft is located in rostock .
washington dc is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here . here is written in english .
washington dc is the capital of united states . americans are from here . african americans are an ethnic group in it .
aaron bertram is ska punk .
aaron deer is psychedelia .
aaron turner is electroacoustic music .
aaron turner is post - metal .
aaron turner is black metal .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23rd 1982 .
ace wilder , born in stockholm , was songwriter .
ace wilder , born in sweden , was songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is rhythm and blues .
ahmet ertegun is rock and roll . african americans are an ethnic group in united states .
albennie jones is rhythm and blues .
albennie jones was born in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here it is jazz .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac is pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
alex day is acoustic music .
alex day is electronic music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . its ' s birthplace is manchester .
uruguay is the location of montevideo , is run by daniel martinez ( politician ) and the natives are uruguayans . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa is candombe .
alison odonnell is folk music .
alison odonnell is folk music .
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz .
deram records is in london . alison odonnell is jazz .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is acoustic music .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . allen forrest is hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
anders osborne is rock music .
alligator records is located in chicago it is blues .
andra ( singer ) , born in romania , was singing . andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew rayel is trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .

agustin barboza died in asuncion , gran asuncion . paraguay ' s leader is juan afara . agustin barboza died in paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is country music .
allen forrest is hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in england . it was born in manchester . manchester is part of greater manchester . labour leads manchester .
aaron turner is post - metal .
twilight ( band ) is black metal .
albennie jones was born in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in here it is rhythm and blues .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine but died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it was involved in american civil war .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine but died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in netherlands . it graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in kuching .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .


abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain .
united states abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . native americans are an ethnic group in here .
adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . it was involved in gulf war .
adam koc is poland . polish language is spoken in poland . adam koc fought battles in polish - - soviet war . it was commanded by joseph stalin .
adam koc was involved in polish - - soviet war . adam koc died in new york city . it was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . its ' s birthplace is greece .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . its ' s currency is euro .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte .
agnes kant is netherlands national led by mark rutte . socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant was netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave was involved in battle of france .
airey neave was involved in world war ii . chiang kai - shek was the commander of world war ii .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . french is spoken in new york . albert jennings fountain was involved in american civil war . it was commanded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . it was involved in american civil war . albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . jefferson davis was the american civil war commander .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york but died in united states . albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . it was born in staten island .
buenos aires is led by horacio rodriguez larreta . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . united states army battled in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
alvah sabin is in vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district .
alvah sabin is from vermont . daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battle of gettysburg . aaron s . daggett won purple heart . robert e . lee was the american civil war commander .
alberto teisaire is argentina . spanish is spoken in argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
