kevin eastman created april o ' neil . (id1)
 (id2)
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich . (id3)
jerry ordway created bibbo . (id4)
bibbo ' s full name is bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
black ' s alternative name is jon valor . (id7)
john buscema won eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is american . (id9)
marv wolfman won kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
peter laird is united states of april o ' neil . (id13)
bbc broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling . (id14)
stv broadcast bananaman starring graeme garden . (id15)
bananaman tim brooke - taylor who was born in derbyshire . (id16)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit . (id18)
steven t seagle created baymax . (id19)
ben urich ( benjamin urich ) was created by roger mckenzie . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway . (id21)
marv wolfman created bibbo aka bibbowski . (id22)
asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo , the former being a french national . (id23)
bananaman tim brooke - taylor . bananaman last aired on april 15th 1986 . (id24)
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance . (id25)
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and included baymax . (id26)
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and included baymax . (id27)
blockbuster , mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin . (id29)
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id30)
rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bbc produces bbc radio . it is located in broadcasting house . (id31)
stv broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling . steve bright created bananaman . (id32)
american duncan rouleau is the creator of baymax , which featured in big hero 6 ( starring ryan potter ) . (id33)
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , puerto rican . (id34)
american duncan rouleau created baymax . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . big hero 6 stars alan tudyk . (id35)
