albany , georgia the area 229 (id1)
albany is part of united states (id2)
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico (id3)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives (id4)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate (id5)
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) (id6)
amarillo is part of randall county , texas (id7)
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana (id8)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 (id9)
antioch , california the area 925 (id10)
antioch is part of contra costa county , california (id11)
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) (id12)
the leader of atlanta is the kasim reed (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama (id17)
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) (id18)
austin is part of texas (id19)
california speak spanish language (id20)
dekalb county , georgia the largest city dunwoody , georgia (id21)
fulton county , georgia , united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana (id23)
michigan , united states . (id24)
detroit the largest city michigan (id25)
orange county , california , united states . (id26)
oregon ' s largest city is portland , oregon (id27)
tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas (id28)
united states is barack obama (id29)
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol (id30)
akron , ohio in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group african americans (id31)
albany is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon . (id32)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id33)
amarillo is part of texas . amarillo , texas , united states . (id34)
anaheim is part of california . the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california , united states . (id36)
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township is in madison county , in indiana , in the united states . (id37)
antioch , california is 13 . 0 antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . (id38)
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 the total area of arlington ( texas ) is 258 . 3 square kilometres . (id39)
arlington is part of texas , in the united states . (id40)
atlanta is in the united states . atlanta is part of georgia . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . (id43)
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) (id45)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is in the united states . (id46)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of united states (id47)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . amarillo , texas , united states . (id48)
african americans are an ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id49)
the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states . (id50)
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is in the united states . (id51)
english is the language of the united states . akron , ohio , united states . (id52)
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id53)
albany is part of dougherty county in georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group asian americans alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states , home of asian americans and the capital of washington d . c . (id58)
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 . anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . (id59)
anaheim is part of california . the california state senate leads anaheim , california . the california state senate is located in the california state capitol . (id60)
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id62)
antioch is part of contra costa county , california contra costa county in california is part of the san francisco bay area . the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california . (id63)
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . tarrant county , texas , united states . (id64)
atlanta is in united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group . (id65)
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey , united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama (id69)
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . washington state is located within the united states . (id70)
auburn is part of washington state . olympia is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington state is located within the united states . (id71)
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia . albany is part of the state of georgia . albany is part of dougherty county in georgia . (id72)
madison county , indiana , is located in the united states . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . anderson is the largest city in madison county , indiana . (id73)
new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states . (id74)
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id75)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . attica , indiana is in united states attica is part of fountain county , indiana (id76)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . fountain county is in indiana , in the united states . attica is part of fountain county , indiana (id77)
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the akron , ohio , united states . (id78)
asian americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id79)
asian americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states . (id80)
asian americans are an ethnic group is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id81)
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group . (id82)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id83)
albany is part of the state of georgia . english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id84)
albuquerque , new mexico has area codes 505 and 575 . albuquerque , n . m . has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id85)
alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . (id86)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group . (id87)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas . (id88)
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . california speak spanish language (id89)
the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres . anderson , indiana is 268 . 0 anderson is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . the total area of angola , indiana , is 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id91)
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the population of antioch , california is 102372 . antioch , california the area 925 antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , is 609 . the municipal leader of atlantic city , new jersey is known as the mayor . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama auburn , alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama asian americans are an ethnic group . (id94)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama african americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn is part of king county , washington . (id96)
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . auburn , washington is in united states auburn is part of king county , washington . (id97)
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . (id98)
the chinese language is spoken in california . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . (id99)
georgia ( u . s . state ) , united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia . (id100)
indiana and the capital is indianapolis anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana . (id101)
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas . (id102)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id103)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id104)
african americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id105)
asian americans are an ethnic group . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate john sanchez is the senate leader of new mexico . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id106)
asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington , d . c . . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states . (id107)
the native americans are an ethnic group . is barack obama the leader of albuquerque , new mexico has the title of mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id108)
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states . (id109)
english is the language of the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id110)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id111)
albany is part of the state of georgia . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . fulton county , georgia the largest city atlanta alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . (id113)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the (id114)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas . (id115)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas potter county is in texas , in the united states . austin is the capital of texas . (id116)
anderson , indiana , is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres . (id117)
antioch is part of contra costa county , california antioch is part of california . english is spoken in california . contra costa county in california is part of the san francisco bay area . antioch , california is led by the californias 11th state assembly district (id118)
atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . the population density of attica indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id120)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c . (id121)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is in united states auburn is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) (id122)
austin is part of texas where the spoken language is english . austin is part of williamson county , texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas . (id123)
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . english is spoken in texas . (id124)
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . spanish is spoken in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . (id125)
indiana and the capital is indianapolis alexandria is part of indiana . indiana is the united states . the language in indiana is american english . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . (id126)
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id127)
tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas austin is the capital of texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states . (id128)
washington dc is the capital of the united states , white americans are an ethnic group . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id129)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of linn county , oregon . (id130)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans , the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one ethnic group . albany is part of oregon . albany , oregon , united states . (id131)
where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in the united states . (id132)
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . (id133)
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama , united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama (id134)
the native americans are an ethnic group . the largest city in new jersey is newark . new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states . (id135)
english is the language of the united states . albuquerque is part of new mexico . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id136)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id137)
united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington d . c . , the native americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id138)
united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . albany , georgia is in the united states . albany is part of united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id139)
