abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
asphalt is an attack aircraft of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of andrews county airport .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is the city .
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region .
the inhabitants of denmark are known as danes .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq .
port authority of new york and new jersey is based in new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
al asad airbase was involved in battles at libya in 1986 .
the transport aircraft for al asad airbase is boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county maryland is found to southwest of adams county , pennsylvania .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is known as prime minister .
the native name of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located at south africa .
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a total floor area .
300 north lasalle is located at chicago .
george winckler were the architects who designed 320 south boston building .
they started to build 320 south boston building on 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is competing in 814 .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects who designed adare manor .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
college of william & mary is the owner of alan b miller hall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house ' reference number is 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan were the architects who designed asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds offers arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows as a sport .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located at new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome .
the inhabitants of india are known as indians .
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located at beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 the ram rebellion is print .
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is hardcover .
english is the language of a long long way .
' ' a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has an issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has an issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has a lccn number of 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
english is the language of aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
english is the language of alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of math .
english is the language of castle .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys .
soho press is located in united states .
th secret scriptures was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states .
english is the language of united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the league , salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in the mechanics .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
the ground of aek athens fc is located in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located at baku .
azal pfk is in the league , azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is located in united states .
akron , ohio is located at summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc
christian panucci plays for inter milan
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona
gubbio is a food found in umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
b m reddy was appointed as the president of acharya institute of technology .
to the west of kerala , is mahe , india .
meride is the administrative arrondissement of mendrisio .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the dean of school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen .
there are 16 , 000 students students attending school of business and social sciences .
alan bean is united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is the chancellor of california .
elliot see died on february 28th 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
the founder of bananaman is bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo is bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
an alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
john buscema was an award winner at eisner award .
karl kesel is american .
marv wolfman was an award winner at kirby award .
peter laird is united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has an area code of 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico ' s house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico .
amarillo has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo is part of randall county , which is in texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has an area code of 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is the language of california .
the largest city in dekalb county in georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is located in united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county in california is located in united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county in texas is fort worth in texas .
the leader of united states is barack obama .
united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient of arros negre .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia .
arros negre is a food found in valencian community .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore .
tomato is an ingredient of blt sandwich .
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong .
bakewell pudding has cold .
bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a food found in paisa region .
these is an aircraft fighter in barny cakes .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
an alternative name for bhajji is bhaji or bajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
chicken is in the class bird .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
language is the language of indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
ethnic groups are an ethnic group in sumatra .
the leader of united kingdom is david cameron .
aaron s . daggett was an award winner at purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in battles at battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest of tuanku bujang tuanku othman , is the location of abdul rahman yakub . abdul rahman yakub full name is patient - 2 .
abdul taib mahmud were invented in parti bumiputera sarawak .
the chair of abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
the chair of abdulsalami abubakar is may 29th 1999 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
the chair of abner w . sibal is january 03rd 1965 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis is affiliated with bridge - 1 and is affiliated with antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis was given the ' technical campus ' status by bridge - 1 in deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
the chair of airey neave is june 30th 1953 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
airey neave was an award winner at military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
the chair of airey neave is lieutenant colonel . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of airey neave is 1935 and airey neave is affiliated with patient - 2 .
albert b . white were invented in republican party ( united states ) .
the chair of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
the chair of albert jennings fountain is union army .
alberto teisaire is argentina .
the chair of alberto teisaire is rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the chair of alfred moore scales is march 04th 1875 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
alfred moore scales was involved in battles at battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was given the ' technical campus ' status by bridge - 1 in mayor of stamford , connecticut .
the chair of allan shivers is january 21st 1947 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of allan shivers is united states army .
the chair of allan shivers is price daniel .
the chair of alvah sabin is march 04th 1853 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
alvah sabin were invented in whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander of american civil war .
austrian german is the language of austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is affiliated with bridge - 1 and is affiliated with american civil war .
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti .
colin powell was the commander of gulf war .
the chair of john f . kennedy is dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
the chair of juan carlos i of spain is francisco franco .
juan peron were invented in labour party ( argentina ) .
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte .
united states army was involved in battles at spanish - - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
an alternative name for 1955 dodge is dodge coronet .
1955 dodge is affiliated with 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna is at the category of bridge - 1 which is based in april 07th 2005 .
aida cruises is located at rostock .
aidaluna was organized by aida cruises .
aidastella is at the category of bridge - 1 which is based in march 16th 2013 .
aidastella was completed in march 11st 2013 .
the chair of aidastella is march 17th 2013 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
aidastella was organized by aida cruises .
the chair of alv x - 1 is mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
an alternative name for amc matador is american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is affiliated with straight - four engine .
acura tlx is affiliated with honda k engine .
the chair of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in honda accord , is the location of acura tlx .
the chair of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 were invented in arese .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in lancia thema , is the location of alfa romeo 164 .
the chair of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra is affiliated with samuda brothers .
the chair of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is wrecked .
the chair of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 is affiliated with straight - six engine .
the chair of alvis speed 25 is 1937 and alvis speed 25 is affiliated with patient - 2 .
the chair of american submarine nr - 1 is 4 . 6 m . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of antares ( rocket ) is october 28th 2014 .
the chair of antares ( rocket ) is mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti .
the chair of ariane 5 is guiana space centre .
the chair of ariane 5 is august 11st 2005 .
the chair of aston martin v8 is convertible .
the chair of aston martin v8 is aston martin . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of aston martin virage is aston martin . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of atlas ii is march 16th 1998 .
the chair of atlas ii is vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi a1 were invented in audi brussels .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in seat ibiza , is the location of audi a1 .
caterpillar inc . is located at peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located at genoa .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in chrysler newport , is the location of desoto custom .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in alfa romeo 164 , is the location of fiat croma .
the inhabitants of germany are known as germans .
the leader of germany is norbert lammert .
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
guiana space centre is headquartered at kourou , french guiana .
the chair of honda k engine is honda . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the anthem of united states is called the star - spangled banner .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent is affiliated with atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies
al - khor sports club is in the league , qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawraa sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc were invented in qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 02nd 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers
aleksander barkov , jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . is in the league , national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma
alessio romagnoli played youth football for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus is in the league , turkish basketball super league .
the city of atlanta has ' ' atlanta falcons ' ' .
don sweeney is the founder of boston bruins .
budapest is located in hungary .
english is the language of canada .
slavey language is the language of canada .
the city of columbus , ohio has ' ' columbus blue jackets ' ' .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish language is the language of finland .
the chair of italy national under - 16 football team is daniele zoratto .
the chair of maccabi ashdod b . c . is zvi sherf .
the ground of motherwell f . c . is located in fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
the city of st . louis has ' ' st . louis rams ' ' .
the city of nashville , tennessee has ' ' tennessee titans ' ' .
the sport of bridge - 1 , southwest to 1998 , is the publisher of aaron bertram . aaron bertram is affiliated with bridge - 2 in patient - 2 .
aaron deer is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . aaron deer is affiliated with bridge - 1 in the horns of happiness .
the chair of aaron deer is kill rock stars .
aaron turner is avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is progressive metal .
the ' ' solo singer ' ' are the current tenants of abradab .
abradab was born on november 12nd 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is hip hop music .
agustin barboza is guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is rock music .
albennie jones is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . albennie jones is affiliated with bridge - 1 in sammy price .
the ' ' solo singer ' ' are the current tenants of aleksandra kovac .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
alex day is synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . alfredo zitarrosa is affiliated with bridge - 1 in hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
the chair of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records .
the sport of bridge - 1 , southwest to 1963 , is the publisher of alison odonnell . alison odonnell is affiliated with bridge - 2 in patient - 2 .
alison odonnell is jazz .
the chair of alison odonnell is voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 04th 1981 .
allen forrest is pop music .
alligator records is located at chicago .
anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 in johnny sansone .
anders osborne is rhythm and blues .
the chair of anders osborne is alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is rhythm and blues .
the sport of bridge - 1 , southwest to 2009 , is the publisher of andrew rayel . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 2 in patient - 2 .
andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . andrew rayel is affiliated with bridge - 1 in christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has patient - 2 postgraduate students . andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in marry banilow .
the chair of andrew white ( musician ) is b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
the chair of christian burns is guitar .
hip hop music in the city of gangsta rap is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has an aircraft - capable helicopter known as ' ' patient - 2 ' ' .
the chair of hip hop music is funk .
the chair of indie rock is new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located at london .
the chair of rca records is sony music entertainment .
the chair of rock and roll is blues .
the chair of synthpop is pop music .
the inhabitants of united kingdom are known as british people .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 were invented in 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
the chair of ( 29075 ) 1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in 22 . 1 , is the location of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is based in patient - 2 .
the chair of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the chair of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the chair of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is november 04th 2013 .
the chair of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the previous name of 1001 gaussia was 1923 oaa907 xc .
the chair of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the chair of 101 helena is december 31st 2006 .
101 helena is affiliated with 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the chair of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in 7 . 66 , is the location of 103 hera . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is based in patient - 2 .
103 hera is affiliated with 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
the state of bridge - 1 , southwest southwest in 7 . 08 , is the location of 107 camilla . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 2 which is based in patient - 2 .
the chair of 107 camilla is a . storrs .
the previous name of 1089 tama was a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the chair of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 ( days ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is december 31st 2006 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 109 felicitas is christian heinrich friedrich peters .
the chair of 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the chair of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
the chair of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the chair of 110 lydia is december 31st 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone were invented in 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
