11th mississippi infantry monument , which is a contributing property , was established in 2000 .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield , the nearest city to which is frederick ( maryland ) .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem ( oregon ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . it is in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
orange county , california is in the united states . anaheim , california is part of orange county ( california ) .
adams township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . anderson , indiana is part of adams township ( madison county , indiana ) .
antioch , california , the total area of which is 75 . 32 square kilometres , is 13 . 1064 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas , the total area of which is 258 . 22 square kilometres , is 184 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , which is in the united states .
atlanta is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the total area of which is 441 square kilometers , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer .
pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce , which contains tomato , comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains chili pepper .
arros negre , which comes from spain , is found in valencian community .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon , contains sausage .
a bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from the united states .
bakewell tart , which contains fruit preserves , can be a variation of bakewell pudding .
bakso , which contains vermicelli , comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains chicharron .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
batagor , which contains peanut sauce , comes from indonesia .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
the main ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji comes from india . indian people live in india .
bhajji comes from india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
binignit comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
the main ingredient in binignit , which comes from philippines , are banana .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato .
bionico comes from mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico , which contains granola , is found in guadalajara .
cake can be a variation of dessert . bionico is a dessert .
bakso comes from indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
shumai , which contains shiitake , can be a variation of batagor .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport is 2777 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) , is 609 . 6 meters above the sea level .
the length of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3499 . 71 meters . it is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway at al asad airbase is 3090 meters .
al asad airbase is in iraq , in which the arabic language is spoken .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase .
a poaceae is of the class , monocotyledon . the first runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae .
the length of the first runway of alderney airport is 877 meters .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan , the leader of which is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 meters .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 meters .
andrews county airport is in texas , the largest city in which is houston .
the length of the runway of angola international airport is 3800 . 86 meters . the angola international airport serves luanda .
the length of the third runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 408 meters .
the length of the first runway of ashgabat international airport is 12467 meters . it is 211 meters above the sea level .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey operates atlantic city international airport . the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . port authority of new york and new jersey operates it .
infraero , which is in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
the stadium of 1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona plays in verona ( italy ) . the stadium of a . c . chievo verona has 39371 seats .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 an epsth ( greece ) .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde plays in lancashire . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
the stadium of a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 seats . it plays in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio plays in serie b in livorno .
christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
the stadium of acf fiorentina has 47290 seats . it is also known as acf fiorentina s . p . a . .
aek athens f . c . plays in greece . the stadium of aek athens f . c . has 69618 seats .
aek athens f . c . plays in superleague greece in olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
azal pfk , which is in shuvalan ( baku , azerbaijan ) , plays in azal arena .
the stadium of akron summit assault has 3000 seats . it played in 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in gubbio . it is found in umbria .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
luciano spalletti , who plays for empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , the author of which is virginia demarce , can be found in e - book .
aip advances , the eissn number of which is 2158 , is abbreviated to aip adv . .
j . v . jones is the author of which can be found in print a fortress of grey ice .
a fortress of grey ice , the isbn number of which is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , has 672 pages .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance , the author of which is john cowper powys .
the oclc number of which can be found in print & amp ; paperback a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way , the isbn number of which is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , has 292 pages .
the publisher of a long long way is viking press , the parent company of which is penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of which can be found in print a loyal character dancer .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is 8805735 .
the oclc number of which can be found in hardcover a severed wasp is 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , can be found in print .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is springer science + business media , the founder of which is julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which is fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , the isbn number of which is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the scriveners bones follows alcatraz versus the evil librarians . brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
american journal of mathematics , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to am . j . math . .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics is johns hopkins university press , the parent company of which is johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia , which is in alba , is also known as uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology .
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi .
peter laird , who is from the united states , created april o ' neil .
bbc broadcasts bananaman , jill shilling stars in which .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , which stv broadcasts .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , stars in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . alan tudyk stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) is baymax , which steven t . seagle created .
roger mckenzie created ben urich , which is also known as benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski , which marv wolfman created .
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski , which is also known as bo bibbowski .
retired alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
alan shepard , who is a test pilot , is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . glen ridge , new jersey is part of essex county ( new jersey ) .
william anders was born in british hong kong .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , is retired .
108 st georges terrace , which was completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square , which is in the united states , has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors .
300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , is in chicago .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in east link bridge .
3arena , which the company populous designed , is in dublin .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in copenhagen .
george richard pain designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is in ethiopia and addis ababa .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in haputale ( sri lanka ) .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in sri lanka .
akita museum of art is in japan , an ethnic group of which are brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art , which is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa , which is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) , is in gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . the ampara hospital is in eastern province ( sri lanka ) .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
adare manor is in county limerick .
3arena is in dublin .
aaron s . daggett , who was involved in the battle of fredericksburg , received the awards from the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman yakub succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdulsalami abubakar , who graduated from technical institute ( kaduna ) , was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar , born in niger state , is chief of defence staff .
al - amin daggash succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which is chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , active on may 29 , 1999 .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been .
abner w . sibal was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the korean war .
adam holloway , who graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) , was born in kent .
adam holloway , born in kent , lives in gravesend .
adam koc , which received the awards from the virtuti militari , was involved in the world war i .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece .
agnes kant , who is parliamentary group leader , was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , who served in royal artillery , received the awards from the military cross .
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the battle of france .
airey neave was involved in the battle of france . hugo sperrle was the commander during battle of france .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , was involved in the world war ii .
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . franklin d . roosevelt was the commander during world war ii .
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , was politician .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) .
edmund j . davis was the governor of albert jennings fountain , who died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , is provisional president of the argentine senate .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria .
james w . reid ( politician ) succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales . he graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who is united states house of representatives , was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the american civil war .
allan shivers was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
allan shivers , born in lufkin ( texas ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers , whom ben ramsey succeeded , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin , who is secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23 , 1793 .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the currency of which is the euro .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) .
aaron boogaard , born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , the manager of which is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team and az alkmaar .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , the manager of which is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & amp ; tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was draft , played in new england patriots .
akeem ayers , who was draft , played in tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in 1987 and september 27 , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club , which plays in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . , which plays in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 , plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born in tampere ( finland ) , plays for florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , the manager of which is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk , which plays in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus , born on january 08 , 1988 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , plays in turkish basketball super league .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba . alex plante was born in brandon ( manitoba ) .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . the anthem of canada is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . the english language is spoken in it .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , which plays in otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops , which plays in veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . , which plays in palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , who plays guitar , plays for psychedelia .
the home town of aaron deer , who is from indiana , is the united states .
aaron turner , who plays for electroacoustic music , played with twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner plays singing . he plays for avant - garde metal .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice and poland .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced .
the label of ace wilder , who was a solo singer , is warner music group .
agustin barboza , the label of which is philips records , was born in paraguay .
alan frew plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew plays for rock music , country music has which influenced .
albennie jones plays for jazz , blues has which influenced .
aleksandra kovac , who was a solo singer , plays for pop music .
aleksandra kovac plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced .
aleksandra kovac , active in 1990 , plays for soul music .
alex day plays for synthpop , new wave music has which influenced .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was a solo singer , plays for milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was a solo singer , plays for taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa , who died in montevideo , was born in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , born in montevideo , died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , who plays for zamba ( artform ) , was a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell , who played with bajik , played in plastik mak .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is floating world records , plays for folk rock .
alison o ' donnell , who plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) , plays for jazz .
allen forrest , who was a solo singer , plays for hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , a subgenre of which is christian alternative rock .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in phil lesh and friends .
anders osborne , the label of which is rabadash records , plays for rhythm and blues .
anders osborne , the label of which is shanachie records , plays for rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) , active in 2000 , plays for pop music .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel , who played with mark sixma , played in jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel , who played in armin van buuren , played with jwaydan moyine .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , new wave music has which influenced .
al anderson ( nrbq ) plays for country music , which plays banjo .
the label of andrew white ( musician ) is polydor records , which is in london .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the apoapsis of which is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers , is 333 . 0 kilometers per second .
the 211 . 0 kelvins minimum temperature of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the apoapsis of which is 2 . 5977670247055e8 kilometers .
spacewatch discovered ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the periapsis of which is 8 . 82343e + 10 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0999 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) .
the orbital period of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , last seen on july 14 ( 2004 ) , is 1 . 62447e + 07 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , the rotation period of which is 9953 . 28 , was last seen in july 14 ( 2004 ( jd2453200 . 5 ) ) .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 101 helena .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed , the apoapsis of which is 6 . 120048890337e8 kilometers , is 60696 . 0 .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
1089 tama , which was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) .
the temperature of 1089 tama , the apoapsis of which is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers , is 179 . 0 .
1097 vicia , the periapsis of which is 2 . 79142e + 11 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
the apoapsis of 109 felicitas , the temperature of which is 170 . 0 kelvins , is 5 . 23329e8 kilometers .
109 felicitas , the periapsis of which is 2 . 83326e + 11 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
the rotation period of 109 felicitas , last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) , is 47487 . 6 .
the temperature of 10 hygiea , the apoapsis of which is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers , is 164 . 0 .
10 hygiea , which was formerly known as a900 ga , was last seen in 27 june 2015 ( jd2457200 . 5 ) .
the mass of 110 lydia , last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) , is 6700 . 0 .
110 lydia , the orbital period of which is 1 . 42603e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , is cruise ship .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , was ordered on january 22 , 2004 .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidaluna .
the maximum speed of aidaluna , the length of which is 252000 . 0 millimetres , is 40 . 744 .
aidastella , the length of which is 253260 . 0 millimetres , was christened in - - 03 - 16 .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , diesel - electric transmission is the engine of alco rs - 3 .
the diameter of alv x - 1 , which has 2 stages , is 5 . 0 foots .
amc matador , announced in 1974 , was assembled in kenosha ( wisconsin ) .
richard a . teague , which work for chrysler , manufactured the amc matador .
the length of ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) , which is in argentina , is 192 . 0 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to saab 9000 , was assembled in milan .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to fiat croma .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to lancia thema .
alvis car and engineering company , which is in coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 2 , is single plate clutch ( separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent ) .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 6 , is with metal joints ( arranged in a straight line ) ( spiral bevel fully floating back axle ) .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador .
antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport on january 09 , 2014 .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is in argentina , the leader of which is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 , which airbus defence and space manufactured , was launched from ela - 3 .
airbus defence and space , the parent company of which is airbus group , manufactured the ariane 5 .
aston martin v8 , which is related to aston martin rham / 1 , was assembled in the united kingdom .
aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 , aston martin virage succeeded aston martin v8 .
aston martin v8 , which aston martin virage succeeded , is related to aston martin dbs .
aston martin virage succeeded aston martin v8 . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage .
atlas ii , the diameter of which is 3 . 04 m , last flew on march 16 , 1998 .
atlas ii , which lockheed martin manufactured , was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
audi manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron .
audi , which owns ducati , manufactured the audi a1 .
audi , which owns quattro gmbh , manufactured the audi a1 .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , a key person at which is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base .
finland , the leader of which is juha sipila , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
general dynamics electric boat , the parent company of which is general dynamics , manufactured the american submarine nr - 1 .
the engine of a - rosa luna is mtu friedrichshafen , which rolls - royce holdings owns .
aston martin v8 was assembled in the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
