amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is found in catalonia .
arros negre is found in valencian community .
ayam penyet is found in singapore .
blt contains tomato .
baked alaska is found in hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa contains chicharron .
bandeja paisa is found in paisa region .
barny cakes can be served in to sizes of 30 grams .
shumai can be a variation of batagor .
the main ingredient in batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables inpeanut sauce .
batchoy contains shrimp .
beef kway teow is found in indonesia .
a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji .
binignit contains taro .
cottage cheese can be a variation of bionico .
bionico is found in jalisco .
a chicken is of the class , bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
a ethnic group of java are banyumasan people .
a ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai comes from china .
siomay contains peanut sauce .
a ethnic group of sumatra are malays ( ethnic group ) .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
amatriciana sauce , which contains tomato , comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains chili pepper .
arros negre , which comes from spain , is found in valencian community .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon , contains sausage .
a bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from the united states .
bakewell tart , which contains fruit preserves , can be a variation of bakewell pudding .
bakso , which contains vermicelli , comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains chicharron .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
batagor , which contains peanut sauce , comes from indonesia .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
the main ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji comes from india . indian people live in india .
bhajji comes from india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
binignit comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
the main ingredient in binignit , which comes from philippines , are banana .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato .
bionico comes from mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico , which contains granola , is found in guadalajara .
cake can be a variation of dessert . bionico is a dessert .
bakso comes from indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
shumai , which contains shiitake , can be a variation of batagor .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains guanciale .
arem - arem , the main ingredient in which are compressed rice cooked inbanana leafwith vegetables or minced meat fillings , contains banana leaf . it is found in javanese cuisine .
tomato manufactured the flowering plant . arrabbiata sauce contains tomato .
arrabbiata sauce , found in rome , comes from italy . it contains olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomato , is found in rome . it comes from italy .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from malaysia . it is found in malay peninsula .
asam pedas comes from malaysia . the capital of malaysia , the leader of which is arifin zakaria , is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian chinese .
blt , which contains lettuce , can be a variation of bacon sandwich . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from france . it contains sponge cake .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the currency of which is the euro .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from the united states . it contains christmas pudding .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
bakewell pudding , which is a dessert , is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , is found in indonesia . it contains beef .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains avocado . it is found in paisa region .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , is found in paisa region . it contains hogao .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france , the leader of which is manuel valls .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains noodle .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains vegetable .
beef kway teow , found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia , comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia , is found in singapore . it contains sesame oil .
beef kway teow , which contains oyster sauce , is found in singapore . it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india . the currency of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan , is the indian rupee .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains banana . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains sago . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains taro . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . it contains granola .
bionico , found in guadalajara , comes from mexico . it contains raisin .
bionico comes from mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , the currency of which is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso , is rome .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore , in which the english language is spoken .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato . a tomato belongs to the order of the solanales .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains tomato . the main ingredient in amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains cuttlefish .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains white rice .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra are batak . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra , an ethnic group of which are malays ( ethnic group ) , are minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
blt can a variation of which be bacon sandwich contains ketchup . it comes from the united kingdom . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
the main ingredient in bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it contains condiment .
baked alaska , which comes from the united states , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the main ingredient in baked alaska , found in paris ( new york or hong kong ) , are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding . baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from the united states .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from france , united states or china .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains ice cream , comes from the united states .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . it is part of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , contains tapioca . the main ingredient in bakso , found in nationwide in indonesia ( also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries ) , are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso , which contains noodle , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . the main ingredient in bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa , the main ingredient in which are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon , contains kidney bean . it is found in paisa region . it comes from colombian cuisine .
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa , found in paisa region , are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon . bandeja paisa , which contains hogao , comes from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes comes from france . the french language is spoken in it . gerard larcher is the leader of france , the leader of which is francois hollande .
shumai can a variation of which be siomay can be a variation of batagor , which comes from indonesia . it contains shiitake .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains pork . it is found in la paz ( iloilo city ) .
batchoy , which comes from philippines , contains chicken . it is a soup . the main ingredient in batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , comes from singapore . it is found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia . it contains sesame oil .
beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , is found in singapore . the standard chinese language is spoken in it . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , is found in singapore . beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , comes from indonesia .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
bhajji , the main ingredient in which are gram flour and vegetables , is found in karnataka . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are sago , contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales . sweet potato manufactured the flowering plant .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are coconut milk , is found in visayas . binignit , which contains sago , comes from philippines .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . bionico , which contains granola , is found in jalisco .
bionico , the main ingredient in which are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins , comes from mexico . it is found in guadalajara . it contains sour cream .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . cookie can be a variation of dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
bakso , which contains tapioca , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are baduy . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are zamboangans , are ilocano people . the philippine spanish language is spoken in it .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are igorot people , are zamboangans .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . sandesh ( confectionery ) can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
arem - arem , found in nationwide in indonesia ( but more specific to java ) , comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , the currency of which is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in it .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , an ethnic group of which are malaysian malay , are malaysian chinese . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
asam pedas , found in malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the leader of which is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon and sausage , comes from the united states . it contains bacon . it is found in kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredient in bacon explosion are sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the leader of which is paul ryan , are white americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , the main ingredient in which are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska , found in hong kong , comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the leader of which is gerard larcher . the french language is spoken in it .
bandeja paisa , found in antioquia department , contains lemon , which belongs to the order of the rosids . it comes from colombia . lemon is part of the familiy rutaceae .
barny cakes , which contains sponge cake , comes from france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , in which the french language is spoken . francois hollande is the leader of france .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai can be a variation of batagor . it contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai contains shiitake . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
shumai can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . siomay can be a variation of batagor . it contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains gram flour . the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . the main ingredient in bionico , found in guadalajara , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it contains sour cream .
honey can a variation of which be bionico comes from mexico . it is a dessert . the spanish language is spoken in it . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico , found in jalisco , comes from mexico . honey can be a variation of bionico . it is a dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . an ethnic group of spain , the leader of which is felipe vi of spain , are spaniards . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
ayam penyet , found in nationwide ( also can be found in malaysia and singapore ) , contains fried chicken . it comes from java . the main ingredient in fried chicken are chicken . an ethnic group of java are javanese people .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are javanese people . the english language is spoken in it . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , in which the philippine spanish language is spoken , are zamboangans . an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , spaniards live in which . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
