kevin eastman created april o ' neil .
bbc broadcasts bananaman .
ben urich is also known as benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski .
bibbo bibbowski is also known as bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema received the eisner award .
karl kesel is from americans .
marv wolfman received the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook ( illinois ) .
peter laird , who is from the united states , created april o ' neil .
bbc broadcasts bananaman , jill shilling stars in which .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , which stv broadcasts .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , stars in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . alan tudyk stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) is baymax , which steven t . seagle created .
roger mckenzie created ben urich , which is also known as benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski , which marv wolfman created .
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski , which is also known as bo bibbowski .
rene goscinny , who is from french people , created the character asterix , which albert uderzo created .
tim brooke - taylor stars in bananaman , which bbc broadcasts . it last aired on april 15 ( 1986 ) .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) , scott adsit stars in which , is walt disney studios motion pictures .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , the distributor of which is walt disney studios motion pictures , is baymax . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , ryan potter stars in which , is baymax . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
gardner fox created the character blockbuster , which is also known as mark desmond . carmine infantino created it .
the character bolt , which gary cohn created , is also known as larry bolatinsky . dan mishkin created it .
ernie colon created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
bbc , a key person at which is rona fairhead , broadcasts bananaman . it produces bbc radio . it is in broadcasting house .
jill shilling stars in bananaman , which steve bright created . bananaman , which stv broadcasts , first aired on october 03 , 1983 .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax . ryan potter stars in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ernie colon , who is from puerto ricans , created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax , which steven t . seagle created . it is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , alan tudyk stars in which .
