the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion can be found in print .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english language .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil can be found in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
a addiction ( journal ) covers the academic discipline of addiction .
the english language is spoken in aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language .
a american journal of mathematics covers the academic discipline of mathematics .
the english language is spoken in castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank ( california ) .
the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux is macmillan publishers .
a glastonbury romance wrote john cowper powys .
soho press is published in the united states .
the publisher of the secret scripture is faber and faber .
a ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
the english language is spoken in the united states .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , the author of which is virginia demarce , can be found in e - book .
aip advances , the eissn number of which is 2158 , is abbreviated to aip adv . .
j . v . jones is the author of which can be found in print a fortress of grey ice .
a fortress of grey ice , the isbn number of which is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , has 672 pages .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance , the author of which is john cowper powys .
the oclc number of which can be found in print & amp ; paperback a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way , the isbn number of which is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , has 292 pages .
the publisher of a long long way is viking press , the parent company of which is penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of which can be found in print a loyal character dancer .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is 8805735 .
the oclc number of which can be found in hardcover a severed wasp is 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , can be found in print .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is springer science + business media , the founder of which is julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which is fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , the isbn number of which is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the scriveners bones follows alcatraz versus the evil librarians . brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
american journal of mathematics , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to am . j . math . .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics is johns hopkins university press , the parent company of which is johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , the author of which is virginia demarce and , has 448 pages . it can be found in print .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
the publisher of acm transactions on information systems is association for computing machinery , the leader of which is alexander l . wolf . new york city is the headquarters of the association for computing machinery .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0269 - 9370 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 1473 - 5571 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson , which lives in the united states . he graduated from stanford university .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the oclc number of which is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer , the publisher of which is soho press , is written in english language . it is published in the united states .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , the oclc number of which is 8805735 , has 388 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , the lccn number of which is 32024459 , is 1865 - 8784 . it is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . .
the english language is spoken in aenir . above the veil follows it . it is published in australians .
garth nix is the author of aenir , which above the veil follows . it is written in english language .
above the veil , the author of which is garth nix , has 248 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , the lccn number of which is 60040714 , is 0567 - 7920 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
a addiction ( journal ) , which is abbreviated to addiction , covers the academic discipline of addiction . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
the publisher of addiction ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0965 - 2140 , is wiley - blackwell , the parent company of which is john wiley & amp ; sons .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
garth nix is the author of aenir , in which the english language is spoken . above the veil follows it .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain .
john cowper powys , born in shirley ( derbyshire ) , is the author of a glastonbury romance . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the issn number of administrative science quarterly , the publisher of which is sage publications , is 0001 - 8392 . sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are asian americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans , is the president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is the president of the united states .
eric flint , born in burbank ( california ) , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette iii and issues ii ( iii , iv , v and vi ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which has 512 pages , can be found in e - book . eric flint ( virginia demarce , et al . ) is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) , the publisher of which is lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins , is published in the united kingdom . the parent company of lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins is wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the isbn number of which is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . it can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans .
a wizard of mars , which has 560 pages , can be found in hardcover . diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars . the isbn number of a wizard of mars is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . . the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , which covers the academic discipline of paleobiology , is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica , the issn number of which is 1732 - 2421 , is polish academy of sciences . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . the cornell university is in new york and ithaca ( new york ) .
aenir , the author of which is garth nix , has 233 pages . the isbn number of aenir is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . it can be found in paperback .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics , first published in 1878 , is johns hopkins university press , published in the united states . the parent company of johns hopkins university press is johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the english language is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , speak .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the english language is spoken in it .
ring of fire ii follows 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette ii . virginia demarce and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the english language is spoken in it . it follows the grantville gazette .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . elizabeth garrett was the president of cornell university . the cornell university is in ithaca ( new york ) .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are african americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are native americans in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states , speak , are asian americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
into battle ( novel ) follows above the veil , which follows aenir . it follows castle ( novel ) . into battle ( novel ) , which the violet keystone follows , is published in australians .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans , is the president of the united states .
