the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
the name of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of the afonso pena international airport is sbct .
the afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah .
the length of the runway of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 meters .
the name of the runway of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 meters .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the fifth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
andrews county ( texas ) owns the andrews county airport .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 meters above the sea level .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
the length of the runway at appleton international airport is 2439 meters .
the length of the runway of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 16 meters .
the icao location identifier of the ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the name of the runway at ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority owns the atlantic city international airport .
the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of south region ( brazil ) .
danes live in denmark .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute ( wisconsin ) .
the arabic language is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is in south africa .
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is in chicago .
george winkler designed 320 south boston building .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain designed adare manor .
adisham hall is in haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) .
the reference number in the national register of historic places of asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539 .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .
the architectural style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county ( new york ) .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people live in india .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is in beverly hills ( california ) .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
a ethnic group of south africa are white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion can be found in print .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english language .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil can be found in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
a addiction ( journal ) covers the academic discipline of addiction .
the english language is spoken in aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language .
a american journal of mathematics covers the academic discipline of mathematics .
the english language is spoken in castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank ( california ) .
the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux is macmillan publishers .
a glastonbury romance wrote john cowper powys .
soho press is published in the united states .
the publisher of the secret scripture is faber and faber .
a ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
the english language is spoken in the united states .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan plays in salvadoran primera division .
a . f . c . blackpool is also known as association football club blackpool .
a . f . c . blackpool plays in the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool plays in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in gubbio .
the stadium of a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 seats .
aek athens f . c . plays in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is in baku .
azal pfk plays in azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - 15 eredivisie .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is part of summit county ( ohio ) .
akron summit assault is also known as akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is found in umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology .
mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
a neighboring municipality to mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
nasa selected buzz aldrin in 1963 .
california is well known for the benitoite gemstone .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
kevin eastman created april o ' neil .
bbc broadcasts bananaman .
ben urich is also known as benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski .
bibbo bibbowski is also known as bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema received the eisner award .
karl kesel is from americans .
marv wolfman received the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook ( illinois ) .
the area code of albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 87 square kilometres .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county ( texas ) .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township ( madison county , indiana ) .
angola , indiana is 324 meters above the sea level .
the area code of antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 inhabitants per square kilometer .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 meters above the sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody ( georgia ) .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
the county seat of madison county , indiana is anderson ( indiana ) .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland ( oregon ) .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
united states house of representatives is in united states capitol .
amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is found in catalonia .
arros negre is found in valencian community .
ayam penyet is found in singapore .
blt contains tomato .
baked alaska is found in hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine .
bandeja paisa contains chicharron .
bandeja paisa is found in paisa region .
barny cakes can be served in to sizes of 30 grams .
shumai can be a variation of batagor .
the main ingredient in batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables inpeanut sauce .
batchoy contains shrimp .
beef kway teow is found in indonesia .
a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji .
binignit contains taro .
cottage cheese can be a variation of bionico .
bionico is found in jalisco .
a chicken is of the class , bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
a ethnic group of java are banyumasan people .
a ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai comes from china .
siomay contains peanut sauce .
a ethnic group of sumatra are malays ( ethnic group ) .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
11th mississippi infantry monument , which is a contributing property , was established in 2000 .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield , the nearest city to which is frederick ( maryland ) .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem ( oregon ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . it is in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
orange county , california is in the united states . anaheim , california is part of orange county ( california ) .
adams township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . anderson , indiana is part of adams township ( madison county , indiana ) .
antioch , california , the total area of which is 75 . 32 square kilometres , is 13 . 1064 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas , the total area of which is 258 . 22 square kilometres , is 184 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , which is in the united states .
atlanta is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the total area of which is 441 square kilometers , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer .
pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states .
amatriciana sauce , which contains tomato , comes from italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains chili pepper .
arros negre , which comes from spain , is found in valencian community .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon , contains sausage .
a bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from the united states .
bakewell tart , which contains fruit preserves , can be a variation of bakewell pudding .
bakso , which contains vermicelli , comes from indonesia .
bakso contains celery .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains chicharron .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
batagor , which contains peanut sauce , comes from indonesia .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , comes from singapore .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
the main ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji comes from india . indian people live in india .
bhajji comes from india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
binignit comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
the main ingredient in binignit , which comes from philippines , are banana .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato .
bionico comes from mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico , which contains granola , is found in guadalajara .
cake can be a variation of dessert . bionico is a dessert .
bakso comes from indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
shumai , which contains shiitake , can be a variation of batagor .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport is 2777 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) , is 609 . 6 meters above the sea level .
the length of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3499 . 71 meters . it is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway at al asad airbase is 3090 meters .
al asad airbase is in iraq , in which the arabic language is spoken .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase .
a poaceae is of the class , monocotyledon . the first runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae .
the length of the first runway of alderney airport is 877 meters .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan , the leader of which is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 meters .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 meters .
andrews county airport is in texas , the largest city in which is houston .
the length of the runway of angola international airport is 3800 . 86 meters . the angola international airport serves luanda .
the length of the third runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 408 meters .
the length of the first runway of ashgabat international airport is 12467 meters . it is 211 meters above the sea level .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey operates atlantic city international airport . the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . port authority of new york and new jersey operates it .
infraero , which is in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
the stadium of 1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona plays in verona ( italy ) . the stadium of a . c . chievo verona has 39371 seats .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 an epsth ( greece ) .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde plays in lancashire . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
the stadium of a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 seats . it plays in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio plays in serie b in livorno .
christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
the stadium of acf fiorentina has 47290 seats . it is also known as acf fiorentina s . p . a . .
aek athens f . c . plays in greece . the stadium of aek athens f . c . has 69618 seats .
aek athens f . c . plays in superleague greece in olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
azal pfk , which is in shuvalan ( baku , azerbaijan ) , plays in azal arena .
the stadium of akron summit assault has 3000 seats . it played in 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in gubbio . it is found in umbria .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
luciano spalletti , who plays for empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , the author of which is virginia demarce , can be found in e - book .
aip advances , the eissn number of which is 2158 , is abbreviated to aip adv . .
j . v . jones is the author of which can be found in print a fortress of grey ice .
a fortress of grey ice , the isbn number of which is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 , has 672 pages .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance , the author of which is john cowper powys .
the oclc number of which can be found in print & amp ; paperback a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way , the isbn number of which is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , has 292 pages .
the publisher of a long long way is viking press , the parent company of which is penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of which can be found in print a loyal character dancer .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is 8805735 .
the oclc number of which can be found in hardcover a severed wasp is 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , can be found in print .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is springer science + business media , the founder of which is julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which is fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , the isbn number of which is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the scriveners bones follows alcatraz versus the evil librarians . brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
american journal of mathematics , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to am . j . math . .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics is johns hopkins university press , the parent company of which is johns hopkins university .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia , which is in alba , is also known as uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology .
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi .
peter laird , who is from the united states , created april o ' neil .
bbc broadcasts bananaman , jill shilling stars in which .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , which stv broadcasts .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , stars in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . alan tudyk stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) is baymax , which steven t . seagle created .
roger mckenzie created ben urich , which is also known as benjamin urich .
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski , which marv wolfman created .
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski , which is also known as bo bibbowski .
retired alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
alan shepard , who is a test pilot , is deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . glen ridge , new jersey is part of essex county ( new jersey ) .
william anders was born in british hong kong .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , is retired .
108 st georges terrace , which was completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square , which is in the united states , has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors .
300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , is in chicago .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in east link bridge .
3arena , which the company populous designed , is in dublin .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in copenhagen .
george richard pain designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is in ethiopia and addis ababa .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in haputale ( sri lanka ) .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in sri lanka .
akita museum of art is in japan , an ethnic group of which are brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art , which is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa , which is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) , is in gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . the ampara hospital is in eastern province ( sri lanka ) .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
adare manor is in county limerick .
3arena is in dublin .
alan bean , born in wheeler ( texas ) , is from the united states . he is retired .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , is from the united states . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
elliot see , born in dallas , graduated from university of texas at austin . he is from the united states .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . nasa selected him in 1962 .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis . it is part of kingdom of france .
alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space . he was born in new hampshire . the purple finch is a bird , which is from it .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , the author of which is virginia demarce and , has 448 pages . it can be found in print .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
the publisher of acm transactions on information systems is association for computing machinery , the leader of which is alexander l . wolf . new york city is the headquarters of the association for computing machinery .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0269 - 9370 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 1473 - 5571 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson , which lives in the united states . he graduated from stanford university .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the oclc number of which is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer , the publisher of which is soho press , is written in english language . it is published in the united states .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , the oclc number of which is 8805735 , has 388 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , the lccn number of which is 32024459 , is 1865 - 8784 . it is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . .
the english language is spoken in aenir . above the veil follows it . it is published in australians .
garth nix is the author of aenir , which above the veil follows . it is written in english language .
above the veil , the author of which is garth nix , has 248 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , the lccn number of which is 60040714 , is 0567 - 7920 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
a addiction ( journal ) , which is abbreviated to addiction , covers the academic discipline of addiction . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
the publisher of addiction ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0965 - 2140 , is wiley - blackwell , the parent company of which is john wiley & amp ; sons .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
garth nix is the author of aenir , in which the english language is spoken . above the veil follows it .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain .
john cowper powys , born in shirley ( derbyshire ) , is the author of a glastonbury romance . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the issn number of administrative science quarterly , the publisher of which is sage publications , is 0001 - 8392 . sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are asian americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans , is the president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is the president of the united states .
jens hartel , who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
massimo drago , who plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
a . c . lumezzane , which plays in lega pro / a , is also known as associazione calcio lumezzane spa . the stadium of a . c . lumezzane has 4150 seats .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . it plays in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool , which is also known as association football club blackpool , plays in blackpool . the stadium of a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 seats .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
dave challinor , who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio , which is also known as livorno calcio s . p . a . , plays in livorno ( italy ) . the stadium of a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 seats .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio . it plays in serie b , the champion of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
christian panucci , who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
aek athens f . c . plays in superleague greece , the champion of which are olympiacos f . c . , in greece .
gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . , is the manager of aek athens f . c . .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in amsterdam . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , part of which is amsterdam - centrum .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in amsterdam . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , part of which is amsterdam - noord .
john van den brom , who plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . , is the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti , who plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
massimo drago , who plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row , which john madin designed , is in colmore row . he was born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states . it has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of dupage county ( illinois ) .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in north wall quay . it was completed in december , 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in denmark . it has 23 floors .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which 3xn designed , is marriott international . it has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 . j . p . mcmanus owns the adare manor .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in haputale .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka and haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the construction of alan b . miller hall began in march 30 , 2007 . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and the chinatown ( san francisco ) .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in added to the national register of historic places in asilomar blvd . ( pacific grove , california ) on february 27 ( 1987 ) .
asser levy public baths , which is on april 23 ( 1980 ) in avenue a ( manhattan ) in added to the national register of historic places , was built in 1904 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is in added to the national register of historic places in new york city on april 23 ( 1980 ) .
the home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , is birmingham , the leader of which is conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham .
addis ababa , addis ababa city hall is in which , is in ethiopia , the leader of which is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat .
marriott international , which is in bethesda ( maryland ) , operates ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county ( georgia ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , the leader of which is the new mexico senate , is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
anaheim , california , the area code of which is 657 and 714 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 square kilometers .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state senate , which is in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) . the leader of antioch , california is the united states representatives . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area .
the county seat of tarrant county , texas , which is in the united states , is fort worth ( texas ) . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) .
atlanta is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the total area of atlanta , the population density of which is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 347 square kilometers . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark ( new jersey ) .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states , the largest city in which is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . it is in the united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . the capital of the united states , it is in which , is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , the capital of which is olympia ( washington ) . it is in the united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and dougherty county ( georgia ) . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
madison county , indiana , the largest city in which is anderson ( indiana ) , is in the united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county ( indiana ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the capital of which is trenton ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
attica , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
fountain county , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . attica , indiana is part of fountain county ( indiana ) .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
angola , indiana is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport , the name of which is 10r / 28l , is 2776 . 73 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is in spain . it is part of community of madrid .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 meters .
united states air force , which has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 877 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 2900 meters .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 1773 meters .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
andrews county airport is in texas , tejano live in which . it is in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . the german language is spoken in it .
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) .
port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , operates atlantic city international airport . four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . it is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , lahore is in which . the allama iqbal international airport serves it .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid . the leader party in madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid , the leader party in which is ahora madrid . it is in spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in san sebastian de los reyes , the leader party in which is peoples party ( spain ) . it is in spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains guanciale .
arem - arem , the main ingredient in which are compressed rice cooked inbanana leafwith vegetables or minced meat fillings , contains banana leaf . it is found in javanese cuisine .
tomato manufactured the flowering plant . arrabbiata sauce contains tomato .
arrabbiata sauce , found in rome , comes from italy . it contains olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomato , is found in rome . it comes from italy .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from malaysia . it is found in malay peninsula .
asam pedas comes from malaysia . the capital of malaysia , the leader of which is arifin zakaria , is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian chinese .
blt , which contains lettuce , can be a variation of bacon sandwich . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from france . it contains sponge cake .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the currency of which is the euro .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from the united states . it contains christmas pudding .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
bakewell pudding , which is a dessert , is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , is found in indonesia . it contains beef .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains avocado . it is found in paisa region .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , is found in paisa region . it contains hogao .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france , the leader of which is manuel valls .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains noodle .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains vegetable .
beef kway teow , found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia , comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia , is found in singapore . it contains sesame oil .
beef kway teow , which contains oyster sauce , is found in singapore . it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india . the currency of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan , is the indian rupee .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains banana . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains sago . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains taro . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . it contains granola .
bionico , found in guadalajara , comes from mexico . it contains raisin .
bionico comes from mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , the currency of which is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso , is rome .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore , in which the english language is spoken .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato . a tomato belongs to the order of the solanales .
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , is in india and kerala .
the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate student , is in bangalore . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is in aarhus and denmark .
rene goscinny , who is from french people , created the character asterix , which albert uderzo created .
tim brooke - taylor stars in bananaman , which bbc broadcasts . it last aired on april 15 ( 1986 ) .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) , scott adsit stars in which , is walt disney studios motion pictures .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , the distributor of which is walt disney studios motion pictures , is baymax . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , ryan potter stars in which , is baymax . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
gardner fox created the character blockbuster , which is also known as mark desmond . carmine infantino created it .
the character bolt , which gary cohn created , is also known as larry bolatinsky . dan mishkin created it .
ernie colon created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
103 colmore row , which was completed in 1976 , is in birmingham . the construction of 103 colmore row began in 1973 . it has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . an ethnic group of south africa are coloured . an ethnic group of south africa are asian south africans .
200 public square is in cleveland . cleveland , which the cleveland city council governs , is in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , which costs 1 . 1 million dollars , is in buffalo ( new york ) . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of cook county ( illinois ) . it is in the united states .
300 north lasalle is in illinois . 300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , was completed in 2009 .
live nation entertainment owns the 3arena , which is in dublin . it is part of republic of ireland and leinster .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is in copenhagen , is marriott international . 3xn designed it . it has 23 floors .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick . it is part of munster . the limerick city and county council governs it .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are vietnamese people in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall , which was completed in june 01 , 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way . it is in williamsburg ( virginia ) .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . narendra modi is the leader of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in pacific grove ( california ) in added to the national register of historic places on february 27 ( 1987 ) . it was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 80002709 , is in added to the national register of historic places in avenue a ( manhattan ) on april 23 ( 1980 ) . it was built in 1904 .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan , part of which is new york city . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is andrew mitchell , is b .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is labour party ( uk ) , is b .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india , the leader of which is narendra modi .
akita museum of art is in akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan , it is in which , are brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states and pennsylvania . he is a contributing property .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in monocacy national battlefield , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) . the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield is frederick ( maryland ) .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , is made of bronze . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara .
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
the land area of albuquerque , new mexico , the population density of which is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 486 square kilometers . the area code of albuquerque , new mexico is 505575 . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . potter county , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the spanish language is spoken in california .
the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 square kilometers , is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometer . it is 267 . 919 meters above the sea level .
angola , indiana is in the united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , the total population of which is 102372 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of antioch , california is 925 . the total area of antioch , california is 753 square kilometers .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the area code of which is 609 , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is the mayors of atlantic city ( new jersey ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the lee county , alabama is in alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . pierce county , washington is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and king county ( washington ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas is houston .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the chinese language is spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia and fulton county ( georgia ) . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta . georgia ( u . s . state ) is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . it is in the united states . the largest city in texas is houston .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , the largest city in which is new york city , is washington ( d . c . ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the new mexico senate , the leader of which is john sanchez . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the mayor of albuquerque . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
jens hartel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 , 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
rolando maran , who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona . he was born in italy .
michele marcolini , who plays for a . c . chievo verona and torino f . c . , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he was born in italy .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . it plays in an epsth 2nd group in efxeinoupoli .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , plays in 2014 in warton ( fylde , lancashire ) . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , played in 2014 in bryning lane . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
aek athens f . c . plays in 2014 in superleague greece in greece . the stadium of aek athens f . c . has 69618 seats .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . afc ajax operates sportpark de toekomst , which afc ajax n . v . owns . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which played in 2014 , is known as joden ( godenzonen ) and amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs also and also . the stadium of afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 seats .
john van den brom , who plays for vitesse arnhem , afc ajax and netherlands national football team , is the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champion of which are vila nova futebol clube , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in arapiraca .
akron , ohio is part of summit county ( ohio ) . akron summit assault plays in st . vincent - st . mary high school . it is in the united states and akron ( ohio ) .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
peter stoger , who plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien , is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) . the length of the runway of abilene regional airport , the name of which is 17l / 35r , is 2194 meters . it is 546 meters above the sea level .
the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . it is 506 . 882 meters above the sea level .
the name of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the length of which is 3499 . 71 meters , is 18l / 36r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which enaire operates , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the iata location identifier of the agra airport is agr . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is ( location of airport in india ) .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 09r / 27l , is 3990 meters .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
andrews county airport , which serves andrews ( texas ) , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 929 meters . it is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . tejano live in texas . it is in the united states .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . it is in the united states .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo , which is in angola . it is part of luanda province .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which flemish region owns . it is 11 . 8872 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of antwerp international airport is 600 meters .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is the turkmenbashi international airport . ashgabat is the headquarters of the turkmenistan airlines .
the athens international airport serves athens . the length of the runway at athens international airport is 3800 meters . athens international airport , which is 93 . 8784 meters above the sea level , is in spata .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
south jersey transportation authority , the leader of which is stephen dilts , owns the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , in which the german language is spoken .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium , in which the french language is spoken .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . the adirondack regional airport serves saranac lake ( new york ) .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , it is in which .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , in which the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves lahore , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan . it is in pakistan .
poaceae , which is of , the class , monocotyledon , is a flowering plant . the first runway of alderney airport is made of poaceae . a poaceae belongs to the order of the commelinids .
bbc , a key person at which is rona fairhead , broadcasts bananaman . it produces bbc radio . it is in broadcasting house .
jill shilling stars in bananaman , which steve bright created . bananaman , which stv broadcasts , first aired on october 03 , 1983 .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax . ryan potter stars in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ernie colon , who is from puerto ricans , created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
eric flint , born in burbank ( california ) , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette iii and issues ii ( iii , iv , v and vi ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which has 512 pages , can be found in e - book . eric flint ( virginia demarce , et al . ) is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) , the publisher of which is lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins , is published in the united kingdom . the parent company of lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins is wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the isbn number of which is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . it can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans .
a wizard of mars , which has 560 pages , can be found in hardcover . diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars . the isbn number of a wizard of mars is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . . the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , which covers the academic discipline of paleobiology , is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica , the issn number of which is 1732 - 2421 , is polish academy of sciences . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . the cornell university is in new york and ithaca ( new york ) .
aenir , the author of which is garth nix , has 233 pages . the isbn number of aenir is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . it can be found in paperback .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics , first published in 1878 , is johns hopkins university press , published in the united states . the parent company of johns hopkins university press is johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the english language is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , speak .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the english language is spoken in it .
alan bean , born in wheeler ( texas ) , is from the united states . he spent 100305 minutes in space . nasa selected him in 1963 .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 , a crew member of which was frank borman . chris patten represents it .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin , the birth name of which is edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 , which nasa operates . he received the 20 awards .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , died in california . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . he was born in dallas . he is from the united states .
william anders is a fighter pilot . nasa selected him in 1963 . it operates apollo 8 .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . a river is ganges in it .
acharya institute of technology , which is in india , is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore and india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , which is as a sport the governing body of which is the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba iulia and romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . it is part of alba county .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
awh engineering college , which is in kerala and kuttikkattoor , has 250 employees . kochi is the leader of kerala .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , the leader of which is klaus iohannis . the capital of romania is bucharest .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains tomato . the main ingredient in amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains cuttlefish .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains white rice .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra are batak . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra , an ethnic group of which are malays ( ethnic group ) , are minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
blt can a variation of which be bacon sandwich contains ketchup . it comes from the united kingdom . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
the main ingredient in bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it contains condiment .
baked alaska , which comes from the united states , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the main ingredient in baked alaska , found in paris ( new york or hong kong ) , are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding . baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from the united states .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from france , united states or china .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains ice cream , comes from the united states .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . it is part of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , contains tapioca . the main ingredient in bakso , found in nationwide in indonesia ( also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries ) , are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso , which contains noodle , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . the main ingredient in bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa , the main ingredient in which are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon , contains kidney bean . it is found in paisa region . it comes from colombian cuisine .
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa , found in paisa region , are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon . bandeja paisa , which contains hogao , comes from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes comes from france . the french language is spoken in it . gerard larcher is the leader of france , the leader of which is francois hollande .
shumai can a variation of which be siomay can be a variation of batagor , which comes from indonesia . it contains shiitake .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains pork . it is found in la paz ( iloilo city ) .
batchoy , which comes from philippines , contains chicken . it is a soup . the main ingredient in batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , comes from singapore . it is found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia . it contains sesame oil .
beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , is found in singapore . the standard chinese language is spoken in it . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , is found in singapore . beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , comes from indonesia .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
bhajji , the main ingredient in which are gram flour and vegetables , is found in karnataka . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are sago , contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales . sweet potato manufactured the flowering plant .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are coconut milk , is found in visayas . binignit , which contains sago , comes from philippines .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . bionico , which contains granola , is found in jalisco .
bionico , the main ingredient in which are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins , comes from mexico . it is found in guadalajara . it contains sour cream .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . cookie can be a variation of dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
bakso , which contains tapioca , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are baduy . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are zamboangans , are ilocano people . the philippine spanish language is spoken in it .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are igorot people , are zamboangans .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . sandesh ( confectionery ) can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
ring of fire ii follows 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette ii . virginia demarce and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the english language is spoken in it . it follows the grantville gazette .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . elizabeth garrett was the president of cornell university . the cornell university is in ithaca ( new york ) .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are african americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are native americans in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states , speak , are asian americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
into battle ( novel ) follows above the veil , which follows aenir . it follows castle ( novel ) . into battle ( novel ) , which the violet keystone follows , is published in australians .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans , is the president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the potter county , texas is in texas , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , in which the english language is spoken . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
the potter county , texas is in texas and the united states . amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township ( madison county , indiana ) and anderson township ( madison county , indiana ) . the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 . 43 square kilometres , is 523 . 8634087103906 inhabitants per square kilometer . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) and california . the leader of antioch , california is the californias 11th state assembly district . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the english language is spoken in it .
the land area of atlanta , the total area of which is 347 square kilometers , is 344 square kilometers . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer . the area code of atlanta is 404 . it is part of dekalb county ( georgia ) .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and logan township ( fountain county , indiana ) . the total area of attica , indiana , which is 166 meters above the sea level , is 414 square kilometers . the population density of attica , indiana is 783 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the lee county , alabama is in alabama , which is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . the total area of auburn , washington , which is in the united states , is 774 square kilometers . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 792 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the largest city in williamson county , texas , the county seat of which is georgetown ( texas ) , is round rock ( texas ) . austin , texas is part of texas and williamson county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the english language is spoken , is houston .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the spanish language is spoken , is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of indiana and madison county ( indiana ) . the capital of indiana , which is in the united states , is indianapolis . the english americans language is spoken in it .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the county seat of tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the spanish language is spoken in it . the largest city in texas is houston .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the capital of texas , which is in the united states , is austin ( texas ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans , is washington ( d . c . ) . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
albany , oregon is in the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . it is in the united states , americans live in which . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the english language is spoken in it . americans live in the united states .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are native americans in the united states .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , which is in the united states , is opelika ( alabama ) . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
a ethnic group of the united states , new jersey is in which , are native americans in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city in which is newark ( new jersey ) . the capital of new jersey is trenton ( new jersey ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the leader of which is barack obama . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states , seminary ridge and gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . he is a contributing property .
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul .
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , was established in 2001 . the awh engineering college is in kerala and kuttikkattoor . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology has ~ 700 postgraduate students . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is the monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . it has 250 employees . the largest city in india is mumbai .
awh engineering college is in india and kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . kochi is the leader of kerala .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus , which the magistrate governs . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . mols is located to the northeast of aarhus .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax , which steven t . seagle created . it is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , alan tudyk stars in which .
michele marcolini , who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . it plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in serie d , the champion of which are s . s . robur siena , in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy , in which the italian language is spoken .
gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . , is the manager of aek athens f . c . . it plays in olympic stadium ( athens ) . it is in marousi .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , italians live in which . the capital of italy is rome . the italian language is spoken in it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . the italian language is spoken in it . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arem - arem , found in nationwide in indonesia ( but more specific to java ) , comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , the currency of which is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in it .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , an ethnic group of which are malaysian malay , are malaysian chinese . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
asam pedas , found in malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the leader of which is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon and sausage , comes from the united states . it contains bacon . it is found in kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredient in bacon explosion are sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the leader of which is paul ryan , are white americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , the main ingredient in which are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska , found in hong kong , comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the leader of which is gerard larcher . the french language is spoken in it .
bandeja paisa , found in antioquia department , contains lemon , which belongs to the order of the rosids . it comes from colombia . lemon is part of the familiy rutaceae .
barny cakes , which contains sponge cake , comes from france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , in which the french language is spoken . francois hollande is the leader of france .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai can be a variation of batagor . it contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai contains shiitake . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
shumai can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . siomay can be a variation of batagor . it contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains gram flour . the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . the main ingredient in bionico , found in guadalajara , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it contains sour cream .
honey can a variation of which be bionico comes from mexico . it is a dessert . the spanish language is spoken in it . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico , found in jalisco , comes from mexico . honey can be a variation of bionico . it is a dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . an ethnic group of spain , the leader of which is felipe vi of spain , are spaniards . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
ayam penyet , found in nationwide ( also can be found in malaysia and singapore ) , contains fried chicken . it comes from java . the main ingredient in fried chicken are chicken . an ethnic group of java are javanese people .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are javanese people . the english language is spoken in it . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , in which the philippine spanish language is spoken , are zamboangans . an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , spaniards live in which . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa selected retired alan bean in 1963 .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , who is from the united states , was a crew member of apollo 8 , the commander of which was frank borman . he was born in british hong kong . nasa operates it .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is from the united states . he is a fighter pilot . nasa operates apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is retired . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
retired buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 , the backup pilot of which was william anders . he was born on january 20 , 1930 . nasa operates it .
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . , a senator dianne feinstein , california is well known for the benitoite gemstone .
alan shepard , who died in california , is from the united states . he was born in new hampshire . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , who is from the united states , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is a fighter pilot . he was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is in tirstrup , which is in denmark . it is part of central denmark region .
the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the name of which is 14l / 32r , is 4100 meters . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 meters above the sea level , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) . enaire operates it .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the length of the runway at agra airport is 1817 . 83 meters . it is 167 . 945 meters above the sea level . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3992 . 88 meters . al asad airbase , which united states air force operates , is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
united states air force , which has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 . it uses the lockheed c - 130 hercules as aircraft transport .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 733 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney . it is 88 . 392 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 3310 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18r / 36l , is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 7 / 25 , is 1532 . 53 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 1 / 19 , is 2743 . 5 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
alpena county regional airport , which is 210 meters above the sea level , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo . it is 159 . 106 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at angola international airport , the length of which is 3800 . 86 meters , is 05l / 23r .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is alexis tsipras . the greek language is spoken in it . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is prokopis pavlopoulos . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . the greek language is spoken in it .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . it is in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , the leader of which is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey and atlantic county ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states . the icao location identifier of the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) , is kacy .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) . lake placid , new york is part of new york .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh , the leader of which is ram naik . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter . it is part of bundelkhand .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , the leader of which is fuad masum . the arabic language is spoken in it .
200 public square , which was completed in 1985 , is in cleveland . it is in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , the architectural style of which is postmodern architecture , is in buffalo ( new york ) . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
the capital of illinois , part of which is chicago , is springfield ( illinois ) . 300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is in the united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the greenlandic language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . the greenlandic language is spoken in it .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . it is in republic of ireland , the leader of which is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall , which houses the government of addis ababa , was completed in 1964 . the height up the addis ababa city hall is 42 m . the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square meters .
akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . it is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan , an ethnic group of which are chinese people in japan .
alan b . miller hall , which robert a . m . stern designed , is in virginia . college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india , it is in which .
ampara hospital , found in ampara district , is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . the eastern provincial council governs eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states . it is part of manhattan and new netherland .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is john clancy ( labour politician ) , is b . the birmingham city council governs it .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states , seminary ridge and pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 . he is a contributing property .
franklin county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the west of adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in the united states , monocacy national battlefield and maryland , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . he is a historic districts in the united states . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) on march 15 , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space . he is retired .
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . he was born in new hampshire . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean , who retired on june , 1981 , was a crew member of apollo 12 , the backup pilot of which was alfred worden . the birth name of alan bean is alan lavern bean . nasa operates it . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . nasa selected him in 1963 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is from the united states . he is a fighter pilot . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . california , in which the fossil smilodon was found , is well known for the benitoite gemstone . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
william anders , who is from the united states , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is a fighter pilot . he was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . .
william anders retired on september 01 , 1969 . he was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 , the backup pilot of which was buzz aldrin . he is retired . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates it .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland , mendrisio and ticino . accademia di architettura di mendrisio , which has 100 employees , was established in 1996 .
the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate students , is in bangalore , karnataka and india . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . it was established in 2000 . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . the leader of denmark is the monarchy of denmark . the religion of denmark is church of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees and 16000 students . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) , is made of bronze . it is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira .
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is made of bronze . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland and mendrisio . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 600 students and 100 employees . it was established in 1996 . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore , india and karnataka . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . it was established in 2000 . the motto of acharya institute of technology is nurturing excellence .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , the governing body of which is the international tennis federation which is as a sport . the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka . telangana is located to the northeast of karnataka . arabian sea is located to the west of karnataka .
alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the leader of romania is the prime minister of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , the dean of which was thomas pallesen , has 737 employees . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . the leader of denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen , is the monarchy of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students . the latin name of the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is universitas aarhusiensis . it was established in 1928 .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler ( texas ) . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . . he was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is retired .
alan shepard , who graduated from nwc in 1957 with a m . a . , is deceased . he died in california . he is a test pilot . he was born in new hampshire on november 18 , 1923 . nasa selected him in 1959 .
alan bean , who is from the united states , was a crew member of apollo 12 , the backup pilot of which was alfred worden . he is a test pilot . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa operates it . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin , who is also known as edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . nasa selected him in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he spent 52 minutes in space . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he received the 20 awards . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he is retired . he is from the united states . nasa selected him in 1963 . it operates apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is retired . he is from the united states . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
william anders , who is from the united states , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is retired . he was born in british hong kong on october 17 , 1933 . he is a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is from the united states . he was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates apollo 8 .
william anders , whom nasa selected in 1963 , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he spent 8820 minutes in space . he was born on october 17 , 1933 in british hong kong . he is a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
aaron s . daggett received the awards from the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam ( netherlands ) .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman was the governor of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti bumiputera sarawak .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar was active on may 29 , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was active on january 03 , 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria ( virginia ) .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis is antonis samaras .
adonis georgiadis is deputy minister for development ( competitiveness and shipping ) .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta ( ohio ) .
airey neave was active on june 30 , 1953 .
airey neave received the awards from the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge ( london ) .
airey neave was lieutenant colonel .
airey neave first served in 1935 .
albert b . white belongs to the republican party ( united states ) .
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
alberto teisaire is from argentina .
alberto teisaire was rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active on march 04 , 1875 .
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien ( connecticut ) .
alfred n . phillips is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) .
allan shivers was active on january 21 , 1947 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel succeeded allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active on march 04 , 1853 .
alvah sabin belongs to the whig party ( united states ) .
robert e . lee was the commander during american civil war .
the austrian german language is spoken in austria .
robert e . lee was the commander during battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was the commander during gulf war .
the predecessor of john f . kennedy is dwight d . eisenhower .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain is francisco franco .
juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
united states army was involved in the spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
the engine of 1955 dodge is 230 .
a - rosa luna was christened on april 07 , 2005 .
aida cruises is in rostock .
aida cruises operates aidaluna .
aidastella was christened in - - 03 - 16 .
aidastella was completed in march 11 , 2013 .
aidastella was launched on march 17 , 2013 .
aida cruises operates aidastella .
alv x - 1 was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is abarth 1000 gt coupe 1 .
the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is also known as honda accord .
the transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speedzf9hpautomatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
alfa romeo 164 is also known as lancia thema .
the transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speedautomatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
samuda brothers manufactured the alhambra ( 1855 ) .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) is 8 . 3 meters long .
alhambra ( 1855 ) is wrecked .
the maximum speed of alhambra ( 1855 ) is 18 . 52 .
the engine of alvis speed 25 is alvis speed 25 6 .
alvis speed 25 was announced in 1937 .
the draft of american submarine nr - 1 is * \ n * box keel depth : .
antares ( rocket ) last flew on october 28 , 2014 .
antares ( rocket ) was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
ariane 5 was launched from guiana space centre .
ariane 5 was first launched on august 11 , 2005 .
the aston martin v8 is a convertible .
aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 .
aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage .
atlas ii last flew on march 16 , 1998 .
atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
august horch founded audi .
audi a1 was assembled in audi brussels .
audi a1 is related to seat ibiza mk4 .
caterpillar inc . is in peoria ( illinois ) .
costa crociere is in genoa .
desoto custom is also known as chrysler newport .
fiat croma is related to alfa romeo 164 .
germans live in germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
giovanni bertone founded gruppo bertone .
kourou ( french guiana ) is the headquarters of the guiana space centre .
honda manufactured the honda k engine .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
a ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent played in atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club plays in qatar stars league .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc plays for qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 02 , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the height up the aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24 , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli plays for the a . s . roma youthclub .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is in atlanta .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
budapest is in hungary .
the english language is spoken in canada .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
the columbus blue jackets is in columbus ( ohio ) .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
the finnish language is spoken in finland .
daniele zoratto coaches italy national under - 16 football team .
zvi sherf coaches maccabi ashdod b . c . .
motherwell f . c . plays in fir park .
jean - michel aulas owns the olympique lyonnais .
history of the st . louis rams is in st . louis .
tennessee titans is in nashville ( tennessee ) .
aaron bertram was active in 1998 .
aaron deer played in the horns of happiness .
the label of aaron deer is kill rock stars .
aaron turner plays for avant - garde metal .
aaron turner plays for progressive metal .
abradab was a solo singer .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab plays for hip hop music .
agustin barboza plays for guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul ( turkey ) .
alan frew plays for rock music .
albennie jones played in sammy price .
aleksandra kovac was a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac plays for rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac plays for soul music .
alex day plays for synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa played in hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
the label of alfredo zitarrosa is rca records .
alison o ' donnell was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell plays for jazz .
alison o ' donnell plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) .
allen forrest was born on february 04 , 1981 .
allen forrest plays for pop music .
alligator records is in chicago .
anders osborne participated in johnny sansone .
anders osborne plays for rhythm and blues .
the label of anders osborne is alligator records .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel played in christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau ( moldova ) .
andrew white ( musician ) participated in marry banilow .
the label of andrew white ( musician ) is b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns plays guitar .
a subgenre of hip hop music is gangsta rap .
funk has influenced hip hop music .
new wave music has influenced indie rock .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is in london .
sony music entertainment distributes rca records .
blues has influenced rock and roll .
pop music has influenced synthpop .
british people live in the united kingdom .
the density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimeter .
carl a . wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
the magnitude of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 2 . 5977670247055e8 kilometers .
the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 was last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometers per second .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 kelvins .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 4 . 41092e8 kilometers .
101 helena was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
the mass of 101 helena is 3 . 0 kilograms .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 kilometers per second .
the magnitude of 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
the mass of 103 hera is 7 . 9 kilograms .
the magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
a . storrs discovered 107 camilla .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 64512 . 0 .
1097 vicia was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
christian heinrich friedrich peters discovered 109 felicitas .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 2 . 83326e + 11 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometers per second .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4 . 45895e + 11 .
110 lydia was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett , who was involved in the battle of fredericksburg , received the awards from the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman yakub succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdulsalami abubakar , who graduated from technical institute ( kaduna ) , was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar , born in niger state , is chief of defence staff .
al - amin daggash succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which is chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , active on may 29 , 1999 .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been .
abner w . sibal was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the korean war .
adam holloway , who graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) , was born in kent .
adam holloway , born in kent , lives in gravesend .
adam koc , which received the awards from the virtuti militari , was involved in the world war i .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece .
agnes kant , who is parliamentary group leader , was born in hessisch oldendorf .
airey neave , who served in royal artillery , received the awards from the military cross .
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the battle of france .
airey neave was involved in the battle of france . hugo sperrle was the commander during battle of france .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , was involved in the world war ii .
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . franklin d . roosevelt was the commander during world war ii .
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , was politician .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) .
edmund j . davis was the governor of albert jennings fountain , who died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , is provisional president of the argentine senate .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria .
james w . reid ( politician ) succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales . he graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who is united states house of representatives , was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the american civil war .
allan shivers was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
allan shivers , born in lufkin ( texas ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers , whom ben ramsey succeeded , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin , who is secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23 , 1793 .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the currency of which is the euro .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) .
aaron boogaard , born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , the manager of which is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team and az alkmaar .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , the manager of which is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & amp ; tec sports club .
akeem ayers , who was draft , played in new england patriots .
akeem ayers , who was draft , played in tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in 1987 and september 27 , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club , which plays in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . , which plays in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 , plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born in tampere ( finland ) , plays for florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , the manager of which is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk , which plays in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus , born on january 08 , 1988 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , plays in turkish basketball super league .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba . alex plante was born in brandon ( manitoba ) .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . the anthem of canada is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . the english language is spoken in it .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , which plays in otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops , which plays in veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . , which plays in palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , who plays guitar , plays for psychedelia .
the home town of aaron deer , who is from indiana , is the united states .
aaron turner , who plays for electroacoustic music , played with twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner plays singing . he plays for avant - garde metal .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice and poland .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced .
the label of ace wilder , who was a solo singer , is warner music group .
agustin barboza , the label of which is philips records , was born in paraguay .
alan frew plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew plays for rock music , country music has which influenced .
albennie jones plays for jazz , blues has which influenced .
aleksandra kovac , who was a solo singer , plays for pop music .
aleksandra kovac plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced .
aleksandra kovac , active in 1990 , plays for soul music .
alex day plays for synthpop , new wave music has which influenced .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was a solo singer , plays for milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was a solo singer , plays for taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa , who died in montevideo , was born in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , born in montevideo , died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa , who plays for zamba ( artform ) , was a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell , who played with bajik , played in plastik mak .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is floating world records , plays for folk rock .
alison o ' donnell , who plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) , plays for jazz .
allen forrest , who was a solo singer , plays for hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , a subgenre of which is christian alternative rock .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in phil lesh and friends .
anders osborne , the label of which is rabadash records , plays for rhythm and blues .
anders osborne , the label of which is shanachie records , plays for rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) , active in 2000 , plays for pop music .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel , who played with mark sixma , played in jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel , who played in armin van buuren , played with jwaydan moyine .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , new wave music has which influenced .
al anderson ( nrbq ) plays for country music , which plays banjo .
the label of andrew white ( musician ) is polydor records , which is in london .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the apoapsis of which is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers , is 333 . 0 kilometers per second .
the 211 . 0 kelvins minimum temperature of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the apoapsis of which is 2 . 5977670247055e8 kilometers .
spacewatch discovered ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the periapsis of which is 8 . 82343e + 10 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0999 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) .
the orbital period of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , last seen on july 14 ( 2004 ) , is 1 . 62447e + 07 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , the rotation period of which is 9953 . 28 , was last seen in july 14 ( 2004 ( jd2453200 . 5 ) ) .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 101 helena .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed , the apoapsis of which is 6 . 120048890337e8 kilometers , is 60696 . 0 .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla .
1089 tama , which was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) .
the temperature of 1089 tama , the apoapsis of which is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers , is 179 . 0 .
1097 vicia , the periapsis of which is 2 . 79142e + 11 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
the apoapsis of 109 felicitas , the temperature of which is 170 . 0 kelvins , is 5 . 23329e8 kilometers .
109 felicitas , the periapsis of which is 2 . 83326e + 11 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
the rotation period of 109 felicitas , last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) , is 47487 . 6 .
the temperature of 10 hygiea , the apoapsis of which is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers , is 164 . 0 .
10 hygiea , which was formerly known as a900 ga , was last seen in 27 june 2015 ( jd2457200 . 5 ) .
the mass of 110 lydia , last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) , is 6700 . 0 .
110 lydia , the orbital period of which is 1 . 42603e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , is cruise ship .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , was ordered on january 22 , 2004 .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidaluna .
the maximum speed of aidaluna , the length of which is 252000 . 0 millimetres , is 40 . 744 .
aidastella , the length of which is 253260 . 0 millimetres , was christened in - - 03 - 16 .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , diesel - electric transmission is the engine of alco rs - 3 .
the diameter of alv x - 1 , which has 2 stages , is 5 . 0 foots .
amc matador , announced in 1974 , was assembled in kenosha ( wisconsin ) .
richard a . teague , which work for chrysler , manufactured the amc matador .
the length of ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) , which is in argentina , is 192 . 0 .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to saab 9000 , was assembled in milan .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to fiat croma .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to lancia thema .
alvis car and engineering company , which is in coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 2 , is single plate clutch ( separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent ) .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 6 , is with metal joints ( arranged in a straight line ) ( spiral bevel fully floating back axle ) .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador .
antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport on january 09 , 2014 .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is in argentina , the leader of which is gabriela michetti .
ariane 5 , which airbus defence and space manufactured , was launched from ela - 3 .
airbus defence and space , the parent company of which is airbus group , manufactured the ariane 5 .
aston martin v8 , which is related to aston martin rham / 1 , was assembled in the united kingdom .
aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 , aston martin virage succeeded aston martin v8 .
aston martin v8 , which aston martin virage succeeded , is related to aston martin dbs .
aston martin virage succeeded aston martin v8 . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage .
atlas ii , the diameter of which is 3 . 04 m , last flew on march 16 , 1998 .
atlas ii , which lockheed martin manufactured , was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
audi manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron .
audi , which owns ducati , manufactured the audi a1 .
audi , which owns quattro gmbh , manufactured the audi a1 .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , a key person at which is douglas r . oberhelman .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base .
finland , the leader of which is juha sipila , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
general dynamics electric boat , the parent company of which is general dynamics , manufactured the american submarine nr - 1 .
the engine of a - rosa luna is mtu friedrichshafen , which rolls - royce holdings owns .
aston martin v8 was assembled in the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , received the awards from the purple heart . it was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink , who belongs to the christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud , whom abdul rahman yakub succeeded , was born in kingdom of sarawak . stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , born in niger state , is chief of defence staff . he graduated from technical institute ( kaduna ) .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian air force . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero , who is member of the congress of deputies , was born in ponteareas and galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero , who belongs to the spanish socialist workers party , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) .
abner w . sibal , which served in the united states army , was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
abner w . sibal , born in ridgewood ( queens ) , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . abner w . sibal is member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway , which served in the grenadier guards , was involved in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was the commander during gulf war .
adam holloway , born in faversham , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
adam koc , born in congress poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adam koc was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens and greece .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens and greece , is minister for health .
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis , which belongs to the new democracy ( greece ) , is antonis samaras . the colour of new democracy ( greece ) is blue .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
agnes kant , who is member of the house of representatives , graduated from radboud university nijmegen . he was born in west germany .
airey neave , active on june 30 , 1953 , was involved in the world war ii . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the world war ii . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 .
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white , born in marietta ( ohio ) .
albert jennings fountain , who died in the united states , was born in staten island . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city and staten island , died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . the buenos aires city legislature governs buenos aires , the leader of which is horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) .
alfons gorbach , born in county of tyrol and austria , died in graz .
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in darien ( connecticut ) . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
allan shivers , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) . wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded it .
alvah sabin , found in vermont , was active on march 03 , 1857 . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alvah sabin , born on october 23 , 1793 , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
albert jennings fountain , born in the united states , was involved in the american civil war . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war .
jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of fredericksburg . alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in county of tyrol . doris bures is the leader of austria .
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in tyrol ( state ) . doris bures is the leader of austria .
alfons gorbach died in styria and austria . doris bures is the leader of austria .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of salem church . robert e . lee was the commander during battle of salem church .
ab klink , who is from netherlands , was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
adam koc is from poland , in which the polish language is spoken . an ethnic group of poland are kashubians .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the mass of which is 5600 . 0 , is 333 . 0 kilometers per second . the apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers .
the orbital period of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the periapsis of which is 8 . 82343e + 10 , is 3 . 9447e + 07 . spacewatch discovered it .
the 202 . 0 minimum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , the maximum temperature of which is 500 . 0 kelvins . the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers .
the average speed of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , the density of which is 2000 . 0 kilogrampercubicmetres , is 37 . 16 . the apoapsis of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 1 . 621640918388e8 kilometers .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia , the periapsis of which is 3 . 52497e + 11 , is 488160 . 0 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
1001 gaussia , which was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc , was last seen in 27 june 2015 ( jd2457200 . 5 ) . the periapsis of 1001 gaussia is 4 . 19113e + 11 .
the mass of 101 helena , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0348 kilometers per second , is 3000 . 0 . the apoapsis of 101 helena is 4 . 41092e8 kilometers .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he graduated from university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who died in madison ( wisconsin ) , discovered 103 hera , last seen on august 27 ( 2011 ) .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) , discovered 103 hera .
the orbital period of 103 hera , last seen on august 27 ( 2011 ) , is 1 . 40159e + 08 . the apoapsis of 103 hera is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers .
the temperature of 103 hera , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0482 kilometers per second , is 170 . 0 . the apoapsis of 103 hera is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla . he is from england .
1089 tama , which was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 .
the periapsis of 1089 tama , last seen on november 26 ( 2005 ) , is 2 . 88749e + 11 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
1097 vicia , which was formerly known as 1928 pc , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the periapsis of 1097 vicia is 2 . 79142e + 11 .
109 felicitas , the mass of which is 7500 . 0 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 109 felicitas is 1 . 39705e + 08 .
109 felicitas , the orbital period of which is 1 . 39705e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the apoapsis of 109 felicitas is 5 . 23329e8 kilometers .
the average speed of 10 hygiea , the orbital period of which is 5 . 57 days , is 16 . 76 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the average speed of 10 hygiea , the surface area of which is 837080 . 744 square kilometres , is 60336 . 0 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the surface area of 10 hygiea , the temperature of which is 164 . 0 , is 8 . 37081e + 11 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the mass of 110 lydia , the periapsis of which is 3 . 77016e + 11 , is 6700 . 0 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
the periapsis of 110 lydia , last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) , is 3 . 77016e + 11 . the apoapsis of 110 lydia is 4 . 40756e8 kilometers .
aaron bertram , who played in suburban legends , played with kids imagine nation . he plays for pop music .
aaron deer , the home town of which is the united states , plays for indie rock . he is from indiana .
the home town of aaron deer , who plays for psychedelia , is the united states . he is from indiana .
aaron turner , who played in greymachine , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for black metal .
aaron turner , who played in greymachine , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for drone music .
aaron turner , who played in mamiffer , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for ambient music .
aaron turner , who plays electric guitar , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal .
aaron turner , who plays singing , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) . he was born on november 12 , 1978 .
abradab , the home town of which is katowice , played in kaliber 44 . he played with magik ( rapper ) .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , funk has which influenced . disco has influenced it .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and paraguay . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays singing , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music .
alan frew plays for rock music , country music has which influenced . it has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
albennie jones plays for jazz , blues has which influenced . it has influenced afrobeat .
albennie jones , born in errata ( mississippi ) , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
aleksandra kovac , who played with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , played in bebi dol . he plays for pop music .
aleksandra kovac , who played with kornelije kovac , played in bebi dol . he plays for pop music .
aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kristina kovac .
alex day plays for synthpop , pop music has which influenced . disco has influenced it .
alfred garth jones , who died in sidcup , was born in manchester and england .
alfred garth jones , born in england , died in london . he is from the united kingdom .
alfred garth jones , who is from the united kingdom , died in london . he was born in manchester .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and london . boris johnson is the leader of london .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell , who played with flibbertigibbet , played in mellow candle . he plays for folk music .
alison o ' donnell , who plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is static caravan recordings , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk .
allen forrest , who plays for pop music , was born in dothan ( alabama ) . he was a solo singer .
allen forrest , born in dothan ( alabama ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , which has influenced nu metal . new wave music has influenced it .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in billy iuso . he participated in kirk joseph .
the label of anders osborne , who plays for rock music , is rabadash records . it has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
andra ( singer ) , who played with crbl , played in puya ( singer ) . he plays for dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) , who played with andreea balan , plays for rhythm and blues . he played in marius moga .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in jonathan mendelsohn . he plays for trance music .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jwaydan moyine . he plays for house music .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) is universal records ( defunct record label ) .
aaron bertram , who plays for ska punk , participated in suburban legends . ska has influenced it .
albennie jones was born in the united states and errata ( mississippi ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the engine of 1955 dodge , which transmission is 3 - speed automatic , is 1955 dodge 2 . it is also known as dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , is cruise ship . it was ordered on january 22 , 2004 .
the displacement of a - rosa luna , the maximum speed of which is 24 . 0 , is 1 . 85e + 09 . the length of a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella , which costa crociere owns .
aidastella , launched on march 17 , 2013 , was christened in - - 03 - 16 . the length of aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , four - stroke engine is the engine of alco rs - 3 . the length of alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , v12 engine is the engine of alco rs - 3 . the length of alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
american locomotive company , founded in the schenectady ( new york ) , manufactured the alco rs - 3 , 17068 . 8 millimetres is the length of alco rs - 3 .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . americans live in the united states .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the diameter of alv x - 1 , which has 2 stages , is 5 . 0 foots . it was launched .
abarth 1000 gt coupe , which is a coupe , was last made in 1958 . the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is abarth 1000 gt coupe 1 .
the wheelbase of abarth 1000 gt coupe is 2 . 16 . the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe .
the beam of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which helsinki manufactured , is 21 . 2 meters long . arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as fiat croma , was assembled in italy . the capital of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to lancia thema , was assembled in italy . the capital of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in arese , is also known as fiat croma . it is related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is also known as fiat croma . it is related to saab 9000 .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) , the length of which is 63800 . 0 millimetres , is 8 . 3 meters long . it was launched on may 31 , 1855 .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) , launched on may 31 , 1855 , is 8 . 3 meters long . he is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , petrol is the engine of alvis speed 25 .
american motors , which acquired eagle ( automobile ) , manufactured the amc matador . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii . it is from the united states .
antares ( rocket ) , which is medium expendable launch system , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . yuzhnoye design bureau manufactured the antares ( rocket ) .
arianespace manufactured the ariane 5 , ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is aston martin v8 1 , is related to aston martin dbs . it was assembled in newport pagnell ( buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom ) .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is 5 . 3 , is related to aston martin dbs . it was assembled in the united kingdom .
atlas ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station , is from the united states .
atlas ii is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
atlas ii , which is from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station and spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the engine of audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , is audi a1 3 . the audi a1 is a hatchback .
audi manufactured the audi a1 , audi a1 is also known as seat ibiza . audi a1 is related to volkswagen polo mk5 .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , founded in the california . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it is in illinois .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which costa crociere owns . it is in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . it is from the united states .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre . french guiana is the headquarters of the guiana space centre .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre . it is in kourou ( french guiana ) .
neptun werft , which is in rostock and germany , manufactured the a - rosa luna .
atlas ii is from the united states , americans live in which . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg , the goslarer sc 08 youthclub and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii . dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , hull city a . f . c . and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher , born in netherlands , plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and w connection f . c . . it plays in palo seco .
akeem ayers , draft an in round 2 and an in position 39 , played in los angeles rams .
akeem ayers , draft an in round 2 and an in position 39 , played in history of the st . louis rams .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , born on september 27 , 1987 in atlanta ( georgia ) .
alaa abdul - zahra , who plays for shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team , was born in iraq .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club . it plays in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . . it plays in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 in tampere ( finland ) , plays for florida panthers .
florida panthers drafts aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 in tampere ( finland ) .
aleksandr chumakov , born in soviet union , died in russia . vladimir putin is the leader of russia .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz , was born on february 24 , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for russia national football b team and - tom tomsk , was born on february 24 , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and azal pfk . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and us lesquin . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and italy national under - 16 football team . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for a . s . roma , plays in italy national under - 16 football team , which daniele zoratto coaches .
alessio romagnoli , born in italy , plays for italy national under - 17 football team and - sampdoria .
alex plante , the height up which is 1 . 9304 , was born in brandon ( manitoba ) . he plays for anyang halla .
the height up the alex plante , alex plante plays for anyang halla , is 1 . 9304 . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , plays in euroleague . zvi sherf coaches it .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , plays in turkish basketball super league . zvi sherf coaches it .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow . it plays in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc spartak moscow youthclub and - anzhi makhachkala . it plays in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
aleksandr chumakov , born in moscow , died in russia . sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow .
abner ( footballer ) plays for brazil national under - 20 football team and real madrid castilla . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla and c . d . fas . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
alex tyus was born in st . louis . it is part of greater st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
akeem ayers , whom tennessee titans drafts , played in new england patriots . it is in nashville ( tennessee ) .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and united petrotrin f . c . . it plays in palo seco .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and sv werder bremen ii . alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii . it plays in 3 . liga .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , the central espanol youthclub and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub , central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub and u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . it plays in serie a .
adam mcquaid , whom 94 . 8024 kilograms weight , was born in 1986 on october 12 , 1986 in prince edward island .
columbus blue jackets , which is in columbus ( ohio ) , drafts adam mcquaid , who plays for boston bruins . don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
akeem ayers , born in july 10 , 1989 and 1989 , played in history of the st . louis rams . tennessee titans drafts him .
akeem dent , who played in houston texans , was born in atlanta ( georgia ) in 1987 and september 27 , 1987 .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , who played in houston texans . he was born on september 27 , 1987 in atlanta ( georgia ) .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawraa sc and al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under - 23 football team . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) is 185 . 42 centimetres .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) is 185 . 42 centimetres .
aleksandr prudnikov , the height of which is 185 . 0 centimetres , was born on february 24 , 1989 . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov , born on february 24 , 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 centimetres .
aleksandre guruli , born in batumi , plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . the height of aleksandre guruli is 0 . 0 centimetres .
alex plante , who plays for anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 and may 09 , 1989 .
alex plante , the height up which is 1 . 9304 , was born in canada in 1989 . he plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . the inuktitut language is spoken in it .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . an ethnic group of canada are asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . the slavey language is spoken in it .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc kuban krasnodar . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr tukmanov is the chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , who played in houston texans . the houston texans is in texas and houston .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . . it plays in uruguayan primera division .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the orbital period of which is 8 . 78885e + 09 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 15591e + 12 . the apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , the escape velocity of which is 359 . 64 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) . the orbital period of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 3 . 11291e + 07 . the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers .
the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) , is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers . the mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 265 . 15 kelvins . the orbital period of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 3 . 11291e + 07 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia , the orbital period of which is 488160 . 0 , is 90 . 72 kilometers per second . the periapsis of 1000 piazzia is 3 . 52497e + 11 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
sergey belyavsky discovered 1001 gaussia , last seen in 27 june 2015 ( jd2457200 . 5 ) . it was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc . the periapsis of 1001 gaussia is 4 . 19113e + 11 .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in preussisch oldendorf . he graduated from university of gottingen .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany . he graduated from university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera , the apoapsis of which is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , the periapsis of which is 4 . 79343e8 kilometers . he was born in nottingham .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , discovered on march 01 ( 2001 ) . he was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 . the periapsis of 1089 tama is 2 . 88749e + 11 .
1089 tama , the escape velocity of which is 24 . 48 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
the mass of 1097 vicia , the orbital period of which is 1 . 35589e + 08 , is 9800 . 0 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) . the apoapsis of 1097 vicia is 5 . 11592e8 kilometers .
the escape velocity of 109 felicitas , the orbital period of which is 1 . 39705e + 08 , is 170 . 28 kilometers per second . the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 2 . 83326e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
10 hygiea , the orbital period of which is 481248 . 0 , was formerly known as a900 ga . the periapsis of 10 hygiea is 4 . 16136e + 11 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
1101 clematis , the orbital period of which is 1 . 83309e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 kilometers per second . the apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 5 . 20906e8 kilometers .
1101 clematis , which was formerly known as 1928 sj , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1 . 83309e + 08 . the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4 . 45895e + 11 .
1101 clematis , the escape velocity of which is 72 . 0 kilometers per second , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1 . 83309e + 08 . the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4 . 45895e + 11 .
the engine of 1955 dodge , which dodge manufactured , is 1955 dodge 5 . the transmission of 1955 dodge is 3 - speed automatic . the wheelbase of 1955 dodge is 120 . 0 inchs .
1955 dodge is related to desoto custom . desoto custom , which desoto firedome succeeded , is also known as chrysler newport . desoto ( automobile ) manufactured the desoto custom .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere operates it .
aida cruises operates aidastella , the length of which is 253 . 26 . meyer werft manufactured the aidastella . costa crociere operates it .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . it was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 .
american locomotive company , which is in the united states , manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was founded in the schenectady ( new york ) .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , which has 12 cylinders . alco rs - 3 was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is four - stroke engine .
amc matador , assembled in mexico city , is also known as american motors matador . the amc matador , the engine of which is v8 , is a station wagon .
amc matador , assembled in kenosha ( wisconsin ) , is also known as vam classic . the amc matador , the engine of which is i6 , is of the class , mid - size car .
acura tlx , which is of , the class , mid - size car , was assembled in marysville ( ohio ) . the layout of acura tlx is front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive . the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine .
acura tlx , the engine of which is acura tlx 10 , was assembled in marysville auto plant . the layout of acura tlx is front - engine design . the acura tlx is of the class , luxury vehicle .
finland manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , the beam of which is 21 . 2 meters long . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , whom arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured , is in service .
finland , finns live in which , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which helsinki manufactured . juha sipila is the leader of finland .
the beam of in service aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 meters long . helsinki manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) . arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as saab 9000 , was assembled in italy . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164 5 . it is related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to fiat croma . it is also known as saab 9000 . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164 4 .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) , the length of which is 63800 . 0 millimetres , is 8 . 3 meters long . it was launched on may 31 , 1855 . he is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is petrol . rover company succeeded it .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 3 . rover company succeeded it .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador . it acquired chrysler . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
the beam of american submarine nr - 1 , launched on january 25 , 1969 , is 3 . 8 meters long . the maximum speed of american submarine nr - 1 is 8 . 334 . general dynamics electric boat manufactured the american submarine nr - 1 .
american submarine nr - 1 , the maximum speed of which is 8 . 334 , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . the length of american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres . the beam of american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 meters long .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which last flew on october 28 , 2014 . antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21 , 2013 .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21 , 2013 . antares ( rocket ) last flew on september 18 , 2013 .
aston martin v8 , which aston martin virage succeeded , was assembled in the united kingdom . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage . the capital of the united kingdom is london .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is 5 . 3 , is also known as aston martin dbs . it was assembled in the united kingdom . it is related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is aston martin v8 1 , is related to aston martin dbs . aston martin virage succeeded it . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage .
the diameter of atlas ii , which last flew on december 05 , 2002 , is 3 . 04 . it was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
a audi a1 , the engine of which is audi a1 3 , is of the class , supermini . the layout of audi a1 is front - engine ( front - wheel - drive layout ) . it was assembled in audi brussels .
audi , which august horch founded , manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron . it owns ducati .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it is in illinois . it was founded in california .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , which is in genoa , operates it .
antares ( rocket ) , which was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , is similar to delta ii , which was launched from cape canaveral air force station . it is from the united states .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and cape canaveral air force station . it is from the united states .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as fiat croma , was assembled in italy . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) . it is related to opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is also known as fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) . it is related to opel vectra .
the beam of american submarine nr - 1 , which general dynamics electric boat manufactured , is at stern stabilizers . the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . it is in groton ( connecticut ) .
neptun werft , which is in rostock , manufactured the a - rosa luna . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany , been by there .
atlas ii is from the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
atlas ii is from the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron bertram , who participated in suburban legends , played with kids imagine nation . he plays for ska punk . brian robertson ( trombonist ) played it suburban legends .
aaron deer , who plays for psychedelia , was a solo singer . the home town of aaron deer , who is from indiana , is indianapolis .
aaron turner , who played with sumac ( band ) , played in isis ( band ) . he plays for electroacoustic music . he plays singing .
aaron turner , who played in old man gloom , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for post - metal . he was active in 1995 .
aaron turner , who played with sumac ( band ) , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal . he plays electric guitar .
ace wilder , who was a solo singer , was born on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 in stockholm .
ace wilder , born on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 in sweden , was a solo singer .
ace wilder , born in stockholm in 1982 , was a solo singer and a songwriter .
ace wilder , born in 1982 in sweden , was a solo singer and a songwriter .
ahmet ertegun , the home town of which is the united states , plays for rhythm and blues . he was a non performing personnel . he is from washington ( d . c . ) .
ahmet ertegun , who is from the united states , plays for rock and roll , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
albennie jones , who plays for rhythm and blues , was active in 1950 . blues has influenced it . it has influenced disco .
albennie jones , born in the united states , plays for jazz , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aleksandra kovac , who plays for pop music , was born in belgrade in 1972 . he was a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac , who was a solo singer , plays for rhythm and blues . he was born in socialist republic of serbia in 1972 .
alex day , who plays for acoustic music , played in chameleon circuit ( band ) . he played with charlie mcdonnell . he was active in 2006 .
alex day , who plays for electronic music , played in chameleon circuit ( band ) . he played with charlie mcdonnell . he was active in 2006 .
alfred garth jones , born in 1872 in manchester and england , died in london .
uruguayans live in uruguay , montevideo is in which . alfredo zitarrosa died in it . daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo .
the label of alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , is rca records . he plays for candombe . he was a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell , who played with bajik , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music . he was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , who played with head south by weaving , played in mellow candle . he plays for folk music . he was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is floating world records . it is in london .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is fruits de mer records . it is in london .
allen forrest , who plays for acoustic music , was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he was a solo singer .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell ( ky , raised in dothan , al ) in 1981 , plays for hip hop music . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) , who plays for alternative rock , played in marry banilow . it has influenced nu metal . punk rock has influenced it .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in billy iuso . he plays for rock music . he participated in galactic .
the label of anders osborne , the label of which is shanachie records , is alligator records , which plays for blues . it is in chicago .
andra ( singer ) , who is a singing and a solo singer , plays for dance - pop . he was born in romania .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced funk and disco . blues has influenced it .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music . he was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music , house music has which influenced .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . he plays for alternative rock . he was active in 2003 .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) , active in 2003 , is universal records ( defunct record label ) .
agustin barboza died in asuncion and paraguay . it is part of gran asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who played with the wildweeds , played in nrbq . he plays for country music , which plays banjo .
allen forrest plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
alfred garth jones was born in england and manchester . it is part of greater manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
aaron turner , who played in house of low culture , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for post - metal , which plays cello .
aaron turner , who plays electric guitar , played with twilight ( band ) , which plays for black metal . it has influenced death metal .
albennie jones , born in the united states , plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the american civil war . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of the wilderness . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine .
ab klink , who is ministry of health ( welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ) , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with association of mbas . he was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born in miri ( malaysia ) .
abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , is found in asajaya .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar succeeded it .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , whom al - amin daggash succeeded . he served in the nigerian air force .
the monarch of abel caballero , the prime minister of which is felipe gonzalez , is juan carlos i of spain , which predecessor is francisco franco . he was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero , who is minister of transport , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero belongs to the spanish socialist workers party .
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in , , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
adam holloway , born in kent , was involved in the gulf war . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
adam koc , which is from poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . the polish language is spoken in it . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adam koc , which died in new york city , was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who is vice - president of new democracy , was born in athens and greece . makis voridis succeeded it .
adonis georgiadis , who is ministry of economy ( development and tourism ( greece ) ) , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it .
adonis georgiadis , who is member of thehellenic parliament , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it .
agnes kant is from netherlands , the currency of which is the euro . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . agnes kant belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands . the colour of socialist party ( netherlands ) is red . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on june 30 , 1953 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on march 04 , 1974 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , who was involved in the world war ii , served in royal artillery . chiang kai - shek was the commander during world war ii .
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) , was born in cleveland . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white , born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . he was active on march 04 , 1901 .
albert jennings fountain , who was involved in the american civil war , was born in new york . the french language is spoken in it . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) . it was involved in the american civil war . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in new mexico territory and the united states .
alberto teisaire , who belongs to the justicialist party , died in buenos aires . juan peron was the president of alberto teisaire . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina . alfred moore scales belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . he was born in reidsville ( north carolina ) .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , served in the united states army , which was involved in the whiskey rebellion . he is member of the .
alfred n . phillips , whom albert e . austin succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) . albert e . austin succeeded it . he was born in darien ( connecticut ) .
allan shivers , whom price daniel succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas .
allan shivers , whom wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas .
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , is secretary of state of vermont . the alvah sabin is in vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alvah sabin , found in vermont , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , the leader of which is daniel webster . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg . battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was robert e . lee .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) .
isaac rojas succeeded alberto teisaire , born in mendoza ( argentina ) . juan peron , who belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) , was the president of alberto teisaire .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , the parent company of which is carnival corporation & amp ; plc , operates it .
aida cruises operates aidastella , the beam of which is 32 . 2 meters long . the maximum speed of aidastella is 38 . 892 . meyer werft manufactured the aidastella . the length of aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 , has 12 cylinders . the engine of alco rs - 3 is four - stroke engine .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . alco rs - 3 , the engine of which is v12 engine , has 12 cylinders . it was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . americans live in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
amc matador , assembled in thames ( new zealand ) , is also known as american motors matador . the amc matador , which is of , the class , mid - size car , is a station wagon . the engine of amc matador is v8 .
p & amp ; o ( company ) , which is in london , operates alhambra ( 1855 ) , the beam of which is 8 . 3 meters long . the engine of alhambra ( 1855 ) is humphrys ( tennant and dykes ) . samuda brothers manufactured the alhambra ( 1855 ) .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador . it owns wheel horse . it acquired chrysler . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
american submarine nr - 1 , the maximum speed of which is 8 . 334 , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . the beam of american submarine nr - 1 is at stern stabilizers . the draft of american submarine nr - 1 is * \ n * box keel depth : . the length of american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres .
antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport and mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . minotaur iv use the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is from the united states .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which last flew on july 13 , 2014 . antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on october 28 , 2014 . the diameter of antares ( rocket ) is 3 . 9 metres .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on october 28 , 2014 . the diameter of antares ( rocket ) is 3 . 9 metres . it last flew on september 18 , 2013 .
ariane 5 , which was first launched from guiana space centre on august 11 , 2005 , last flew on december 18 , 2009 . airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 . the diameter of ariane 5 is 5 . 4 metres .
arianespace is in courcouronnes . ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . ela - 3 , which it operates , was launched from guiana space centre . french guiana is the headquarters of the guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is related to aston martin dbs . the engine of aston martin v8 is aston martin v8 1 . aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 . aston martin vantage succeeded it .
aston martin v8 , which is a coupe , is also known as aston martin dbs . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 . it is related to aston martin rham / 1 . it was assembled in newport pagnell .
aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to aston martin dbs . aston martin virage succeeded it . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the engine of audi a1 , the layout of which is front - engine ( front - wheel - drive layout ) , is audi a1 2 . it was assembled in brussels ( belgium ) . the audi a1 , which is a hatchback , is of the class , supermini .
audi , which august horch founded , manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron . it owns ducati and lamborghini .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it was founded in california and the united states . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . . it was founded in the united states .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . . it was founded in the united states . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , which is in genoa , operates it . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & amp ; plc .
finland , finns live in which , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured . the sami languages are spoken in it . juha sipila is the leader of finland .
neptun werft , which is , manufactured the a - rosa luna . rostock is in germany , the capital of which is berlin . joachim gauck is the leader of germany .
neptun werft , which is , manufactured the a - rosa luna . rostock is in germany , the leader of which is andreas vosskuhle . the capital of germany is berlin .
atlas ii is from the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub , central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . it plays in uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr chumakov , who plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team , died in russia . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and olympique lyonnais . oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for defender ( association football ) , plays for a . c . milan and - sampdoria . a . c . milan , the manager of which is sinisa mihajlovic , plays in serie a .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan , italy national under - 17 football team and - sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , uruguay national football team and u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . it plays in uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc amkar perm . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . it plays in otkrytiye arena . gadzhi gadzhiyev is the manager of fc amkar perm .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc spartak moscow youthclub , fc terek grozny and fc dynamo moscow . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov , who plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team , was born in soviet union . fc torpedo moscow , the manager of which is valery petrakov , played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . it plays in palo seco .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . it plays in palo seco velodrome .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the mass of which is 5600 . 0 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 8 . 78885e + 09 . the periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 15591e + 12 . the apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena , discovered on august 15 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena . he is from canada . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
walter baade , who died in gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , discovered on september 07 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , the periapsis of which is 3 . 7124e8 kilometers . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , the orbital period of which is 2 . 046e + 08 . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 4 . 79343e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 5 . 60937e8 kilometers .
c . woods discovered 107 camilla , the orbital period of which is 86 . 4 . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 4 . 79343e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 5 . 60937e8 kilometers .
f . vilas discovered 107 camilla , last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 107 camilla is 86 . 4 . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 4 . 79343e + 11 . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 5 . 60937e8 kilometers .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , the magnitude of which is 7 . 08 . he was born in nottingham . he is from england .
1089 tama , the escape velocity of which is 24 . 48 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . it was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
1101 clematis , the escape velocity of which is 72 . 0 kilometers per second , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1 . 83309e + 08 . the mass of 1101 clematis is 5 . 7 kilograms . the apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 5 . 20906e8 kilometers .
the orbital period of 11264 claudiomaccone , the periapsis of which is 2 . 96521e + 11 , is 1 . 30786e + 08 . it was last seen on november 26 ( 2005 ) . the apoapsis of 11264 claudiomaccone is 4 . 75426e8 kilometers . the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born on may 21 , 1936 in miri ( malaysia ) .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in kingdom of sarawak . it lives in demak jaya ( jalan bako , kuching , sarawak ) . he graduated from university of adelaide .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian navy . atiku abubakar succeeded it .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been . he was active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian army . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya .
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , died in the united states . he was born in connecticut . he is from american . he is governor of connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is united states secretary of health ( education , and welfare ) . he died in new york city . he was born in connecticut . he is from the united states .
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in connecticut , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . he died in new york . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
adam holloway , who is for gravesham , was born in kent . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
adam holloway , born in faversham ( kent , england ) , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis , born in greece and athens , is antonis samaras , the prime minister of which is konstantinos mitsotakis . makis voridis succeeded it .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . it lives in doesburg . khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant , who lives in doesburg , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 , was born in 1856 and september 22 , 1856 .
the spouse of albert b . white , born in cleveland , is agnes ward white . he died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white . he is governor of west virginia . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 .
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white , which belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . he was active on march 04 , 1901 .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , died in buenos aires . the spouse of juan peron is eva peron . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) on may 20 , 1891 .
alfons gorbach , who belongs to the austrian peoples party , died in styria and graz . he was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria .
alfons gorbach , who belongs to the austrian peoples party , died in styria and graz . he was born in tyrol ( state ) and imst .
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , was active on march 03 , 1857 . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , is found in vermonts 3rd congressional district . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the battle of gettysburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of gettysburg .
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the siege of petersburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . siege of petersburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was jefferson davis .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . the spouse of juan peron is eva peron . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram , who participated in kids imagine nation , played in suburban legends , brian robertson ( trombonist ) played for which . he plays for ska punk , punk rock has which influenced .
aaron deer , who played in wee giant , plays for indie rock . he was a solo singer . the home town of aaron deer , who is from the united states , is indiana .
aaron turner , who played with lotus eaters ( band ) , played in old man gloom . he plays for black metal . the home town of aaron turner , active in 1995 , is the united states .
aaron turner , who played with lotus eaters ( band ) , played in twilight ( band ) . he plays for sludge metal . the home town of aaron turner , active in 1995 , is massachusetts .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) . he was born on november 12 , 1978 in katowice and poland .
ace wilder , who is a singing and a solo singer , was born in sweden in 1982 on july 23 , 1982 .
ace wilder , who is a songwriter and a solo singer , was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , a subgenre of which is gangsta rap . funk has influenced it . hip hop music , disco has which influenced , has influenced drum and bass .
ace wilder , born in sweden , plays for hip hop music , funk has which influenced . disco has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who played with the wildweeds , played in nrbq . he was born in windsor ( connecticut ) . he plays for rock music . he was active in 1966 .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays guitar , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it .
the home town of alan frew , who is a musician and a solo singer , is newmarket ( ontario ) . he was born in coatbridge . he is from canada .
aleksandra kovac , born in socialist republic of serbia in 1972 , was a solo singer . he plays for pop music , which has influenced disco .
aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kornelije kovac . he was a solo singer . he was active in 1990 .
alfred garth jones , who is from the united kingdom , died in london . he was born in 1872 in manchester and england .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . the leader of london , the leader of which is boris johnson , is the european parliament .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester . the leader of london is the european parliament .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland . the label of alison o ' donnell , active in 1963 , is floating world records .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk . the label of alison o ' donnell is stanyan records . it is in london .
alison o ' donnell , who plays autoharp , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk and afrobeat . folk music has influenced it .
alison o ' donnell , who plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) , plays for jazz , blues has which influenced . it has influenced funk and afrobeat .
allen forrest , who plays for acoustic music , was born in dothan ( alabama ) in fort campbell in 1981 . he was a solo singer .
anders osborne , who played with voice of the wetlands all - stars , played in billy iuso . he plays for rock music . he participated in galactic . he was active in 1989 .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in galactic . he plays for blues . he participated in billy iuso . he was active in 1989 .
andra ( singer ) , who plays for dance - pop , was born in campia turzii in 1986 . he was a solo singer and a singer ( reality television judge ) .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer and a singing , plays for rhythm and blues . he was born in 1986 in romania .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in armin van buuren . he participated in armin van buuren ( bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi ) . he plays for trance music , pop music has which influenced .
andrew rayel , who plays for trance music , played with christian burns . he played in armin van buuren . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel , who plays string instrument , played with jwaydan moyine , which participated in john digweed . he played in christian burns . he plays for trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is polydor records , is b - unique records . he was active in 2003 .
allen forrest , who plays for hip hop music , was born in fort campbell . disco has influenced it . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
allen forrest , born in 1981 , plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
agustin barboza , who died in paraguay , was born in asuncion . an ethnic group of paraguay , the leader of which is juan afara , are mestizo . the spanish language is spoken in it .
andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is b - unique records , plays for alternative rock , which has influenced nu metal . the label of andrew white ( musician ) is polydor records . it is in london .
the label of andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is universal records ( defunct record label ) , is polydor records , which is in london . he plays for alternative rock , which has influenced nu metal .
al anderson ( nrbq ) plays guitar . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it . blues has influenced it .
country music plays banjo . al anderson ( nrbq ) plays for rock music , blues has which influenced . rock music , it has which influenced , has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
aaron turner , who played in old man gloom , played with twilight ( band ) , which plays for black metal . he plays electric guitar . it has influenced death metal .
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay , in which the spanish language is spoken . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo , the leader of which is daniel martinez ( politician ) , is in uruguay .
