aaron s . daggett received the awards from the purple heart . (id1)
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of mine run . (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam ( netherlands ) . (id3)
tuanku bujang tuanku othman was the governor of abdul rahman ya ' kub . (id4)
abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti bumiputera sarawak . (id5)
sulaiman abdul rahman taib succeeded abdul taib mahmud . (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar was active on may 29 , 1999 . (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . (id9)
abner w . sibal was active on january 03 , 1965 . (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria ( virginia ) . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
adam holloway lives in gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis is antonis samaras . (id16)
adonis georgiadis is deputy minister for development ( competitiveness and shipping ) . (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta ( ohio ) . (id19)
airey neave was active on june 30 , 1953 . (id20)
airey neave received the awards from the military cross . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge ( london ) . (id22)
airey neave was lieutenant colonel . (id23)
airey neave first served in 1935 . (id24)
albert b . white belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . (id25)
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white . (id26)
albert jennings fountain served in the union army . (id27)
alberto teisaire is from argentina . (id28)
alberto teisaire was rear admiral in the argentine navy . (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria . (id30)
alfred moore scales was active on march 04 , 1875 . (id31)
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of chancellorsville . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien ( connecticut ) . (id33)
alfred n . phillips is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) . (id34)
allan shivers was active on january 21 , 1947 . (id35)
allan shivers served in the united states army . (id36)
price daniel succeeded allan shivers . (id37)
alvah sabin was active on march 04 , 1853 . (id38)
alvah sabin belongs to the whig party ( united states ) . (id39)
robert e . lee was the commander during american civil war . (id40)
the austrian german language is spoken in austria . (id41)
robert e . lee was the commander during battle of antietam . (id42)
battle of cold harbor is part of american civil war . (id43)
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires . (id44)
colin powell was the commander during gulf war . (id45)
the predecessor of john f . kennedy is dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna . (id47)
the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain is francisco franco . (id48)
juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) . (id49)
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . (id50)
united states army was involved in the spanish - american war . (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington ( maryland ) . (id52)
aaron s . daggett , who was involved in the battle of fredericksburg , received the awards from the purple heart . (id53)
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg . (id54)
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman yakub succeeded abdul taib mahmud . (id55)
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id56)
abdulsalami abubakar , who graduated from technical institute ( kaduna ) , was born in minna . (id57)
abdulsalami abubakar , born in niger state , is chief of defence staff . (id58)
al - amin daggash succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which is chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) . (id59)
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , active on may 29 , 1999 . (id60)
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been . (id61)
abner w . sibal was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii . (id62)
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the korean war . (id63)
adam holloway , who graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) , was born in kent . (id64)
adam holloway , born in kent , lives in gravesend . (id65)
adam koc , which received the awards from the virtuti militari , was involved in the world war i . (id66)
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens . (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens . (id68)
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece . (id69)
agnes kant , who is parliamentary group leader , was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id70)
airey neave , who served in royal artillery , received the awards from the military cross . (id71)
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the battle of france . (id72)
airey neave was involved in the battle of france . hugo sperrle was the commander during battle of france . (id73)
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , was involved in the world war ii . (id74)
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . franklin d . roosevelt was the commander during world war ii . (id75)
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii . (id76)
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 . (id77)
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , was politician . (id78)
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) . (id79)
edmund j . davis was the governor of albert jennings fountain , who died in new mexico territory . (id80)
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . (id81)
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , is provisional president of the argentine senate . (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria and austria - hungary . (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria . (id84)
james w . reid ( politician ) succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina . (id85)
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales . he graduated from princeton university . (id86)
alfred n . phillips , who is united states house of representatives , was born in connecticut . (id87)
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the american civil war . (id88)
allan shivers was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii . (id89)
allan shivers , born in lufkin ( texas ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) . (id90)
allan shivers , whom ben ramsey succeeded , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) . (id91)
alvah sabin , who is secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23 , 1793 . (id92)
agnes kant is in netherlands , the currency of which is the euro . (id93)
agnes kant is in netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . (id94)
parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) . (id95)
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , received the awards from the purple heart . it was involved in the battle of fredericksburg . (id96)
ab klink , who belongs to the christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he was born in netherlands . (id97)
abdul taib mahmud , whom abdul rahman yakub succeeded , was born in kingdom of sarawak . stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub . (id98)
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak . (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar , born in niger state , is chief of defence staff . he graduated from technical institute ( kaduna ) . (id100)
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian air force . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo . (id101)
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo . (id102)
abel caballero , who is member of the congress of deputies , was born in ponteareas and galicia ( spain ) . (id103)
abel caballero , who belongs to the spanish socialist workers party , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . (id104)
abner w . sibal , which served in the united states army , was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii . (id105)
abner w . sibal , born in ridgewood ( queens ) , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . abner w . sibal is member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district . (id106)
adam holloway , which served in the grenadier guards , was involved in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was the commander during gulf war . (id107)
adam holloway , born in faversham , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) . (id108)
adam koc , born in congress poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war . (id109)
adam koc was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war . (id110)
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens and greece . (id111)
adonis georgiadis , born in athens and greece , is minister for health . (id112)
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis , which belongs to the new democracy ( greece ) , is antonis samaras . the colour of new democracy ( greece ) is blue . (id113)
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . (id114)
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . (id115)
agnes kant , who is member of the house of representatives , graduated from radboud university nijmegen . he was born in west germany . (id116)
airey neave , active on june 30 , 1953 , was involved in the world war ii . he was active on march 30 , 1979 . (id117)
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the world war ii . he was active on march 30 , 1979 . (id118)
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 . (id119)
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white , born in marietta ( ohio ) . (id120)
albert jennings fountain , who died in the united states , was born in staten island . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id121)
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city and staten island , died in new mexico territory . (id122)
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in the united states . (id123)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . the buenos aires city legislature governs buenos aires , the leader of which is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id124)
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) . (id125)
alfons gorbach , born in county of tyrol and austria , died in graz . (id126)
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut . he is from connecticuts 4th district . (id127)
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in darien ( connecticut ) . he is from connecticuts 4th district . (id128)
allan shivers , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) . wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded it . (id129)
alvah sabin , found in vermont , was active on march 03 , 1857 . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) . (id130)
alvah sabin , born on october 23 , 1793 , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . (id131)
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . (id132)
albert jennings fountain , born in the united states , was involved in the american civil war . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war . (id133)
jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of fredericksburg . alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of fredericksburg . (id134)
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in county of tyrol . doris bures is the leader of austria . (id135)
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in tyrol ( state ) . doris bures is the leader of austria . (id136)
alfons gorbach died in styria and austria . doris bures is the leader of austria . (id137)
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of salem church . robert e . lee was the commander during battle of salem church . (id138)
ab klink , who is from netherlands , was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro . (id139)
adam koc is from poland , in which the polish language is spoken . an ethnic group of poland are kashubians . (id140)
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the american civil war . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine . (id141)
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of the wilderness . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine . (id142)
ab klink , who is ministry of health ( welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ) , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with association of mbas . he was born in netherlands . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born in miri ( malaysia ) . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , is found in asajaya . (id145)
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id146)
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id147)
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar succeeded it . (id148)
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , whom al - amin daggash succeeded . he served in the nigerian air force . (id149)
the monarch of abel caballero , the prime minister of which is felipe gonzalez , is juan carlos i of spain , which predecessor is francisco franco . he was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id150)
abel caballero , who is minister of transport , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero belongs to the spanish socialist workers party . (id151)
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in , , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . (id152)
adam holloway , born in kent , was involved in the gulf war . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) . (id153)
adam koc , which is from poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . the polish language is spoken in it . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war . (id154)
adam koc , which died in new york city , was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war . (id155)
adonis georgiadis , who is vice - president of new democracy , was born in athens and greece . makis voridis succeeded it . (id156)
adonis georgiadis , who is ministry of economy ( development and tourism ( greece ) ) , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it . (id157)
adonis georgiadis , who is member of thehellenic parliament , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it . (id158)
agnes kant is from netherlands , the currency of which is the euro . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which . (id159)
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . agnes kant belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id160)
agnes kant is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which . (id161)
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands . the colour of socialist party ( netherlands ) is red . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id162)
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on june 30 , 1953 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 . (id163)
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on march 04 , 1974 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 . (id164)
airey neave , who was involved in the world war ii , served in royal artillery . chiang kai - shek was the commander during world war ii . (id165)
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) , was born in cleveland . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) . (id166)
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white , born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . he was active on march 04 , 1901 . (id167)
albert jennings fountain , who was involved in the american civil war , was born in new york . the french language is spoken in it . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war . (id168)
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) . it was involved in the american civil war . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war . (id169)
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in new mexico territory and the united states . (id170)
alberto teisaire , who belongs to the justicialist party , died in buenos aires . juan peron was the president of alberto teisaire . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . (id171)
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) . (id172)
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina . alfred moore scales belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . he was born in reidsville ( north carolina ) . (id173)
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , served in the united states army , which was involved in the whiskey rebellion . he is member of the . (id174)
alfred n . phillips , whom albert e . austin succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . he is from connecticuts 4th district . (id175)
alfred n . phillips , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) . albert e . austin succeeded it . he was born in darien ( connecticut ) . (id176)
allan shivers , whom price daniel succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas . (id177)
allan shivers , whom wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas . (id178)
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , is secretary of state of vermont . the alvah sabin is in vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) . (id179)
alvah sabin , found in vermont , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , the leader of which is daniel webster . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) . (id180)
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg . battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was robert e . lee . (id181)
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) . (id182)
isaac rojas succeeded alberto teisaire , born in mendoza ( argentina ) . juan peron , who belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) , was the president of alberto teisaire . (id183)
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born on may 21 , 1936 in miri ( malaysia ) . (id184)
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in kingdom of sarawak . it lives in demak jaya ( jalan bako , kuching , sarawak ) . he graduated from university of adelaide . (id185)
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian navy . atiku abubakar succeeded it . (id186)
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been . he was active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian army . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . (id187)
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , died in the united states . he was born in connecticut . he is from american . he is governor of connecticut . (id188)
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is united states secretary of health ( education , and welfare ) . he died in new york city . he was born in connecticut . he is from the united states . (id189)
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in connecticut , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . he died in new york . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . (id190)
adam holloway , who is for gravesham , was born in kent . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) . (id191)
adam holloway , born in faversham ( kent , england ) , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) . (id192)
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis , born in greece and athens , is antonis samaras , the prime minister of which is konstantinos mitsotakis . makis voridis succeeded it . (id193)
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which . (id194)
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . it lives in doesburg . khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . (id195)
agnes kant , who lives in doesburg , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which . (id196)
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 , was born in 1856 and september 22 , 1856 . (id197)
the spouse of albert b . white , born in cleveland , is agnes ward white . he died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) . (id198)
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white . he is governor of west virginia . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . (id199)
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white , which belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . he was active on march 04 , 1901 . (id200)
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , died in buenos aires . the spouse of juan peron is eva peron . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . (id201)
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) on may 20 , 1891 . (id202)
alfons gorbach , who belongs to the austrian peoples party , died in styria and graz . he was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria . (id203)
alfons gorbach , who belongs to the austrian peoples party , died in styria and graz . he was born in tyrol ( state ) and imst . (id204)
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , was active on march 03 , 1857 . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) . (id205)
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , is found in vermonts 3rd congressional district . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) . (id206)
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the battle of gettysburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of gettysburg . (id207)
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the siege of petersburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . siege of petersburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was jefferson davis . (id208)
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . the spouse of juan peron is eva peron . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) . (id209)
