the area code of albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 87 square kilometres .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county ( texas ) .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township ( madison county , indiana ) .
angola , indiana is 324 meters above the sea level .
the area code of antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 inhabitants per square kilometer .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 meters above the sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody ( georgia ) .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
the county seat of madison county , indiana is anderson ( indiana ) .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is in the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland ( oregon ) .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
united states house of representatives is in united states capitol .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem ( oregon ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . it is in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
orange county , california is in the united states . anaheim , california is part of orange county ( california ) .
adams township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . anderson , indiana is part of adams township ( madison county , indiana ) .
antioch , california , the total area of which is 75 . 32 square kilometres , is 13 . 1064 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas , the total area of which is 258 . 22 square kilometres , is 184 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , which is in the united states .
atlanta is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the total area of which is 441 square kilometers , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer .
pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county ( georgia ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , the leader of which is the new mexico senate , is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
anaheim , california , the area code of which is 657 and 714 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 square kilometers .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state senate , which is in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) . the leader of antioch , california is the united states representatives . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area .
the county seat of tarrant county , texas , which is in the united states , is fort worth ( texas ) . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) .
atlanta is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the total area of atlanta , the population density of which is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 347 square kilometers . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark ( new jersey ) .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states , the largest city in which is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . it is in the united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . the capital of the united states , it is in which , is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , the capital of which is olympia ( washington ) . it is in the united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and dougherty county ( georgia ) . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
madison county , indiana , the largest city in which is anderson ( indiana ) , is in the united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county ( indiana ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the capital of which is trenton ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
attica , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
fountain county , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . attica , indiana is part of fountain county ( indiana ) .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
angola , indiana is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
the land area of albuquerque , new mexico , the population density of which is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 486 square kilometers . the area code of albuquerque , new mexico is 505575 . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . potter county , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the spanish language is spoken in california .
the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 square kilometers , is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometer . it is 267 . 919 meters above the sea level .
angola , indiana is in the united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , the total population of which is 102372 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of antioch , california is 925 . the total area of antioch , california is 753 square kilometers .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the area code of which is 609 , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is the mayors of atlantic city ( new jersey ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the lee county , alabama is in alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . pierce county , washington is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and king county ( washington ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas is houston .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the chinese language is spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia and fulton county ( georgia ) . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta . georgia ( u . s . state ) is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . it is in the united states . the largest city in texas is houston .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , the largest city in which is new york city , is washington ( d . c . ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the new mexico senate , the leader of which is john sanchez . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the mayor of albuquerque . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the potter county , texas is in texas , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , in which the english language is spoken . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
the potter county , texas is in texas and the united states . amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township ( madison county , indiana ) and anderson township ( madison county , indiana ) . the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 . 43 square kilometres , is 523 . 8634087103906 inhabitants per square kilometer . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) and california . the leader of antioch , california is the californias 11th state assembly district . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the english language is spoken in it .
the land area of atlanta , the total area of which is 347 square kilometers , is 344 square kilometers . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer . the area code of atlanta is 404 . it is part of dekalb county ( georgia ) .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and logan township ( fountain county , indiana ) . the total area of attica , indiana , which is 166 meters above the sea level , is 414 square kilometers . the population density of attica , indiana is 783 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the lee county , alabama is in alabama , which is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . the total area of auburn , washington , which is in the united states , is 774 square kilometers . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 792 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the largest city in williamson county , texas , the county seat of which is georgetown ( texas ) , is round rock ( texas ) . austin , texas is part of texas and williamson county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the english language is spoken , is houston .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the spanish language is spoken , is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of indiana and madison county ( indiana ) . the capital of indiana , which is in the united states , is indianapolis . the english americans language is spoken in it .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the county seat of tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the spanish language is spoken in it . the largest city in texas is houston .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the capital of texas , which is in the united states , is austin ( texas ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans , is washington ( d . c . ) . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
albany , oregon is in the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . it is in the united states , americans live in which . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the english language is spoken in it . americans live in the united states .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are native americans in the united states .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , which is in the united states , is opelika ( alabama ) . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
a ethnic group of the united states , new jersey is in which , are native americans in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city in which is newark ( new jersey ) . the capital of new jersey is trenton ( new jersey ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the leader of which is barack obama . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
