amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano . (id1)
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper . (id2)
arros negre contains white rice . (id3)
arros negre is found in catalonia . (id4)
arros negre is found in valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is found in singapore . (id6)
blt contains tomato . (id7)
baked alaska is found in hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine . (id10)
bandeja paisa contains chicharron . (id11)
bandeja paisa is found in paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes can be served in to sizes of 30 grams . (id13)
shumai can be a variation of batagor . (id14)
the main ingredient in batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables inpeanut sauce . (id15)
batchoy contains shrimp . (id16)
beef kway teow is found in indonesia . (id17)
a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . (id18)
binignit contains taro . (id19)
cottage cheese can be a variation of bionico . (id20)
bionico is found in jalisco . (id21)
a chicken is of the class , bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id24)
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco . (id26)
a ethnic group of java are banyumasan people . (id27)
a ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id29)
the spanish language is spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai comes from china . (id31)
siomay contains peanut sauce . (id32)
a ethnic group of sumatra are malays ( ethnic group ) . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom . (id34)
amatriciana sauce , which contains tomato , comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . the italian language is spoken in it . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id38)
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains chili pepper . (id39)
arros negre , which comes from spain , is found in valencian community . (id40)
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from indonesia . (id41)
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia . (id42)
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich . (id43)
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon , contains sausage . (id44)
a bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id45)
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread . (id46)
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france . (id48)
baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from the united states . (id49)
bakewell tart , which contains fruit preserves , can be a variation of bakewell pudding . (id50)
bakso , which contains vermicelli , comes from indonesia . (id51)
bakso contains celery . (id52)
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains chicharron . (id53)
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france . (id54)
batagor , which contains peanut sauce , comes from indonesia . (id55)
siomay can a variation of which be batagor contains peanut sauce . (id56)
beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , comes from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow comes from singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore . (id58)
the main ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil . (id59)
bhajji comes from india . indian people live in india . (id60)
bhajji comes from india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india . (id61)
binignit comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people . (id62)
the main ingredient in binignit , which comes from philippines , are banana . (id63)
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato . (id64)
bionico comes from mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . (id65)
bionico , which contains granola , is found in guadalajara . (id66)
cake can be a variation of dessert . bionico is a dessert . (id67)
bakso comes from indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . (id68)
shumai , which contains shiitake , can be a variation of batagor . (id69)
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains guanciale . (id70)
arem - arem , the main ingredient in which are compressed rice cooked inbanana leafwith vegetables or minced meat fillings , contains banana leaf . it is found in javanese cuisine . (id71)
tomato manufactured the flowering plant . arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce , found in rome , comes from italy . it contains olive oil . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomato , is found in rome . it comes from italy . (id74)
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from malaysia . it is found in malay peninsula . (id75)
asam pedas comes from malaysia . the capital of malaysia , the leader of which is arifin zakaria , is kuala lumpur . (id76)
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian chinese . (id77)
blt , which contains lettuce , can be a variation of bacon sandwich . club sandwich can be a variation of blt . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . (id80)
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread . (id81)
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from france . it contains sponge cake . (id82)
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the currency of which is the euro . (id83)
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from the united states . it contains christmas pudding . (id84)
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding , which is a dessert , is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , is found in indonesia . it contains beef . (id88)
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains avocado . it is found in paisa region . (id89)
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , is found in paisa region . it contains hogao . (id90)
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france , the leader of which is manuel valls . (id91)
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains noodle . (id92)
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains vegetable . (id93)
beef kway teow , found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia , comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia , is found in singapore . it contains sesame oil . (id95)
beef kway teow , which contains oyster sauce , is found in singapore . it comes from singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji comes from india . the currency of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan , is the indian rupee . (id97)
binignit , which is a dessert , contains banana . cookie can be a variation of dessert . (id98)
binignit , which is a dessert , contains sago . cookie can be a variation of dessert . (id99)
binignit , which is a dessert , contains taro . cookie can be a variation of dessert . (id100)
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales . (id101)
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . it contains granola . (id102)
bionico , found in guadalajara , comes from mexico . it contains raisin . (id103)
bionico comes from mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , the currency of which is the mexican peso . (id104)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso , is rome . (id105)
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people . (id106)
beef kway teow comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore , in which the english language is spoken . (id107)
amatriciana sauce contains tomato . a tomato belongs to the order of the solanales . (id108)
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains tomato . the main ingredient in amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id110)
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains cuttlefish . (id111)
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains white rice . (id112)
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards . (id113)
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra are batak . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay . (id114)
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra , an ethnic group of which are malays ( ethnic group ) , are minangkabau people . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . (id117)
blt can a variation of which be bacon sandwich contains ketchup . it comes from the united kingdom . club sandwich can be a variation of blt . (id118)
the main ingredient in bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it contains condiment . (id119)
baked alaska , which comes from the united states , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id120)
the main ingredient in baked alaska , found in paris ( new york or hong kong ) , are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding . baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from the united states . (id121)
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from france , united states or china . (id122)
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains ice cream , comes from the united states . (id123)
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . it is part of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves . (id124)
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , contains tapioca . the main ingredient in bakso , found in nationwide in indonesia ( also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries ) , are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id125)
bakso , which contains noodle , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . the main ingredient in bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id126)
bandeja paisa , the main ingredient in which are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon , contains kidney bean . it is found in paisa region . it comes from colombian cuisine . (id127)
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa , found in paisa region , are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon . bandeja paisa , which contains hogao , comes from colombian cuisine . (id128)
barny cakes comes from france . the french language is spoken in it . gerard larcher is the leader of france , the leader of which is francois hollande . (id129)
shumai can a variation of which be siomay can be a variation of batagor , which comes from indonesia . it contains shiitake . (id130)
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains pork . it is found in la paz ( iloilo city ) . (id131)
batchoy , which comes from philippines , contains chicken . it is a soup . the main ingredient in batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id132)
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , comes from singapore . it is found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia . it contains sesame oil . (id133)
beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , is found in singapore . the standard chinese language is spoken in it . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore . (id134)
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , is found in singapore . beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , comes from indonesia . (id135)
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable . (id136)
bhajji , the main ingredient in which are gram flour and vegetables , is found in karnataka . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable . (id137)
binignit , the main ingredient in which are sago , contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales . sweet potato manufactured the flowering plant . (id138)
binignit , the main ingredient in which are coconut milk , is found in visayas . binignit , which contains sago , comes from philippines . (id139)
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . bionico , which contains granola , is found in jalisco . (id140)
bionico , the main ingredient in which are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins , comes from mexico . it is found in guadalajara . it contains sour cream . (id141)
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . cookie can be a variation of dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id142)
bakso , which contains tapioca , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . (id143)
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are baduy . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id144)
batchoy comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are zamboangans , are ilocano people . the philippine spanish language is spoken in it . (id145)
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are igorot people , are zamboangans . (id146)
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it . (id147)
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . sandesh ( confectionery ) can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it . (id148)
arem - arem , found in nationwide in indonesia ( but more specific to java ) , comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , the currency of which is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in it . (id149)
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , an ethnic group of which are malaysian malay , are malaysian chinese . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id150)
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian . (id151)
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian . (id152)
asam pedas , found in malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the leader of which is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian . (id153)
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon and sausage , comes from the united states . it contains bacon . it is found in kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredient in bacon explosion are sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the leader of which is paul ryan , are white americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . (id155)
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , the main ingredient in which are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id156)
baked alaska , found in hong kong , comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the leader of which is gerard larcher . the french language is spoken in it . (id157)
bandeja paisa , found in antioquia department , contains lemon , which belongs to the order of the rosids . it comes from colombia . lemon is part of the familiy rutaceae . (id158)
barny cakes , which contains sponge cake , comes from france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , in which the french language is spoken . francois hollande is the leader of france . (id159)
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai can be a variation of batagor . it contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . (id160)
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai contains shiitake . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . (id161)
shumai can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . siomay can be a variation of batagor . it contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . (id162)
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains gram flour . the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka . (id164)
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id165)
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . the main ingredient in bionico , found in guadalajara , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it contains sour cream . (id166)
honey can a variation of which be bionico comes from mexico . it is a dessert . the spanish language is spoken in it . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . (id167)
bionico , found in jalisco , comes from mexico . honey can be a variation of bionico . it is a dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id168)
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . an ethnic group of spain , the leader of which is felipe vi of spain , are spaniards . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia . (id169)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it . (id170)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . (id171)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it . (id172)
ayam penyet , found in nationwide ( also can be found in malaysia and singapore ) , contains fried chicken . it comes from java . the main ingredient in fried chicken are chicken . an ethnic group of java are javanese people . (id173)
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are javanese people . the english language is spoken in it . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id174)
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , in which the philippine spanish language is spoken , are zamboangans . an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino . (id175)
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . (id176)
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , spaniards live in which . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . (id177)
