alan bean , born in wheeler ( texas ) , is from the united states . he is retired .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , is from the united states . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
elliot see , born in dallas , graduated from university of texas at austin . he is from the united states .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . nasa selected him in 1962 .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis . it is part of kingdom of france .
alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space . he was born in new hampshire . the purple finch is a bird , which is from it .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , the author of which is virginia demarce and , has 448 pages . it can be found in print .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
the publisher of acm transactions on information systems is association for computing machinery , the leader of which is alexander l . wolf . new york city is the headquarters of the association for computing machinery .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0269 - 9370 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 1473 - 5571 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson , which lives in the united states . he graduated from stanford university .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the oclc number of which is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer , the publisher of which is soho press , is written in english language . it is published in the united states .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp , the oclc number of which is 8805735 , has 388 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , the lccn number of which is 32024459 , is 1865 - 8784 . it is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . .
the english language is spoken in aenir . above the veil follows it . it is published in australians .
garth nix is the author of aenir , which above the veil follows . it is written in english language .
above the veil , the author of which is garth nix , has 248 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , the lccn number of which is 60040714 , is 0567 - 7920 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
a addiction ( journal ) , which is abbreviated to addiction , covers the academic discipline of addiction . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
the publisher of addiction ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0965 - 2140 , is wiley - blackwell , the parent company of which is john wiley & amp ; sons .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
garth nix is the author of aenir , in which the english language is spoken . above the veil follows it .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain .
john cowper powys , born in shirley ( derbyshire ) , is the author of a glastonbury romance . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the issn number of administrative science quarterly , the publisher of which is sage publications , is 0001 - 8392 . sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are asian americans .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans , is the president of the united states .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is the president of the united states .
jens hartel , who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
massimo drago , who plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
a . c . lumezzane , which plays in lega pro / a , is also known as associazione calcio lumezzane spa . the stadium of a . c . lumezzane has 4150 seats .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . it plays in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool , which is also known as association football club blackpool , plays in blackpool . the stadium of a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 seats .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
dave challinor , who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio , which is also known as livorno calcio s . p . a . , plays in livorno ( italy ) . the stadium of a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 seats .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio . it plays in serie b , the champion of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
christian panucci , who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
aek athens f . c . plays in superleague greece , the champion of which are olympiacos f . c . , in greece .
gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . , is the manager of aek athens f . c . .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in amsterdam . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , part of which is amsterdam - centrum .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in amsterdam . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , part of which is amsterdam - noord .
john van den brom , who plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . , is the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti , who plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
massimo drago , who plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row , which john madin designed , is in colmore row . he was born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states . it has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of dupage county ( illinois ) .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in north wall quay . it was completed in december , 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in denmark . it has 23 floors .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which 3xn designed , is marriott international . it has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 . j . p . mcmanus owns the adare manor .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in haputale .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka and haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the construction of alan b . miller hall began in march 30 , 2007 . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and the chinatown ( san francisco ) .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in added to the national register of historic places in asilomar blvd . ( pacific grove , california ) on february 27 ( 1987 ) .
asser levy public baths , which is on april 23 ( 1980 ) in avenue a ( manhattan ) in added to the national register of historic places , was built in 1904 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is in added to the national register of historic places in new york city on april 23 ( 1980 ) .
the home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , is birmingham , the leader of which is conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham .
addis ababa , addis ababa city hall is in which , is in ethiopia , the leader of which is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat .
marriott international , which is in bethesda ( maryland ) , operates ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county ( georgia ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , the leader of which is the new mexico senate , is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
anaheim , california , the area code of which is 657 and 714 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 square kilometers .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state senate , which is in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) . the leader of antioch , california is the united states representatives . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area .
the county seat of tarrant county , texas , which is in the united states , is fort worth ( texas ) . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) .
atlanta is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the total area of atlanta , the population density of which is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 347 square kilometers . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark ( new jersey ) .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states , the largest city in which is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . it is in the united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . the capital of the united states , it is in which , is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , the capital of which is olympia ( washington ) . it is in the united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and dougherty county ( georgia ) . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
madison county , indiana , the largest city in which is anderson ( indiana ) , is in the united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county ( indiana ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the capital of which is trenton ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
attica , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
fountain county , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . attica , indiana is part of fountain county ( indiana ) .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
angola , indiana is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport , the name of which is 10r / 28l , is 2776 . 73 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is in spain . it is part of community of madrid .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 meters .
united states air force , which has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 877 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 2900 meters .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 1773 meters .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
andrews county airport is in texas , tejano live in which . it is in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . the german language is spoken in it .
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) .
port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , operates atlantic city international airport . four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . it is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , lahore is in which . the allama iqbal international airport serves it .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid . the leader party in madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid , the leader party in which is ahora madrid . it is in spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in san sebastian de los reyes , the leader party in which is peoples party ( spain ) . it is in spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains guanciale .
arem - arem , the main ingredient in which are compressed rice cooked inbanana leafwith vegetables or minced meat fillings , contains banana leaf . it is found in javanese cuisine .
tomato manufactured the flowering plant . arrabbiata sauce contains tomato .
arrabbiata sauce , found in rome , comes from italy . it contains olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomato , is found in rome . it comes from italy .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from malaysia . it is found in malay peninsula .
asam pedas comes from malaysia . the capital of malaysia , the leader of which is arifin zakaria , is kuala lumpur .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian chinese .
blt , which contains lettuce , can be a variation of bacon sandwich . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from france . it contains sponge cake .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the currency of which is the euro .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from the united states . it contains christmas pudding .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
bakewell pudding , which is a dessert , is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , is found in indonesia . it contains beef .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains avocado . it is found in paisa region .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , is found in paisa region . it contains hogao .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france , the leader of which is manuel valls .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains noodle .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains vegetable .
beef kway teow , found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia , comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia , is found in singapore . it contains sesame oil .
beef kway teow , which contains oyster sauce , is found in singapore . it comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india . the currency of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan , is the indian rupee .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains banana . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains sago . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains taro . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . it contains granola .
bionico , found in guadalajara , comes from mexico . it contains raisin .
bionico comes from mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , the currency of which is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso , is rome .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore , in which the english language is spoken .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato . a tomato belongs to the order of the solanales .
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , is in india and kerala .
the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate student , is in bangalore . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is in aarhus and denmark .
rene goscinny , who is from french people , created the character asterix , which albert uderzo created .
tim brooke - taylor stars in bananaman , which bbc broadcasts . it last aired on april 15 ( 1986 ) .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) , scott adsit stars in which , is walt disney studios motion pictures .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , the distributor of which is walt disney studios motion pictures , is baymax . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , ryan potter stars in which , is baymax . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
gardner fox created the character blockbuster , which is also known as mark desmond . carmine infantino created it .
the character bolt , which gary cohn created , is also known as larry bolatinsky . dan mishkin created it .
ernie colon created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , received the awards from the purple heart . it was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink , who belongs to the christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud , whom abdul rahman yakub succeeded , was born in kingdom of sarawak . stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , born in niger state , is chief of defence staff . he graduated from technical institute ( kaduna ) .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian air force . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero , who is member of the congress of deputies , was born in ponteareas and galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero , who belongs to the spanish socialist workers party , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) .
abner w . sibal , which served in the united states army , was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
abner w . sibal , born in ridgewood ( queens ) , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . abner w . sibal is member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway , which served in the grenadier guards , was involved in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was the commander during gulf war .
adam holloway , born in faversham , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
adam koc , born in congress poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adam koc was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens and greece .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens and greece , is minister for health .
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis , which belongs to the new democracy ( greece ) , is antonis samaras . the colour of new democracy ( greece ) is blue .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
agnes kant , who is member of the house of representatives , graduated from radboud university nijmegen . he was born in west germany .
airey neave , active on june 30 , 1953 , was involved in the world war ii . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the world war ii . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 .
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white , born in marietta ( ohio ) .
albert jennings fountain , who died in the united states , was born in staten island . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city and staten island , died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . the buenos aires city legislature governs buenos aires , the leader of which is horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) .
alfons gorbach , born in county of tyrol and austria , died in graz .
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in darien ( connecticut ) . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
allan shivers , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) . wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded it .
alvah sabin , found in vermont , was active on march 03 , 1857 . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alvah sabin , born on october 23 , 1793 , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
albert jennings fountain , born in the united states , was involved in the american civil war . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war .
jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of fredericksburg . alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in county of tyrol . doris bures is the leader of austria .
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in tyrol ( state ) . doris bures is the leader of austria .
alfons gorbach died in styria and austria . doris bures is the leader of austria .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of salem church . robert e . lee was the commander during battle of salem church .
ab klink , who is from netherlands , was born in stellendam . the currency of netherlands is the euro .
adam koc is from poland , in which the polish language is spoken . an ethnic group of poland are kashubians .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the mass of which is 5600 . 0 , is 333 . 0 kilometers per second . the apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers .
the orbital period of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the periapsis of which is 8 . 82343e + 10 , is 3 . 9447e + 07 . spacewatch discovered it .
the 202 . 0 minimum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , the maximum temperature of which is 500 . 0 kelvins . the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers .
the average speed of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , the density of which is 2000 . 0 kilogrampercubicmetres , is 37 . 16 . the apoapsis of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 1 . 621640918388e8 kilometers .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia , the periapsis of which is 3 . 52497e + 11 , is 488160 . 0 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
1001 gaussia , which was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc , was last seen in 27 june 2015 ( jd2457200 . 5 ) . the periapsis of 1001 gaussia is 4 . 19113e + 11 .
the mass of 101 helena , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0348 kilometers per second , is 3000 . 0 . the apoapsis of 101 helena is 4 . 41092e8 kilometers .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he graduated from university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who died in madison ( wisconsin ) , discovered 103 hera , last seen on august 27 ( 2011 ) .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) , discovered 103 hera .
the orbital period of 103 hera , last seen on august 27 ( 2011 ) , is 1 . 40159e + 08 . the apoapsis of 103 hera is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers .
the temperature of 103 hera , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0482 kilometers per second , is 170 . 0 . the apoapsis of 103 hera is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla . he is from england .
1089 tama , which was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 .
the periapsis of 1089 tama , last seen on november 26 ( 2005 ) , is 2 . 88749e + 11 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
1097 vicia , which was formerly known as 1928 pc , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the periapsis of 1097 vicia is 2 . 79142e + 11 .
109 felicitas , the mass of which is 7500 . 0 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 109 felicitas is 1 . 39705e + 08 .
109 felicitas , the orbital period of which is 1 . 39705e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the apoapsis of 109 felicitas is 5 . 23329e8 kilometers .
the average speed of 10 hygiea , the orbital period of which is 5 . 57 days , is 16 . 76 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the average speed of 10 hygiea , the surface area of which is 837080 . 744 square kilometres , is 60336 . 0 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the surface area of 10 hygiea , the temperature of which is 164 . 0 , is 8 . 37081e + 11 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the mass of 110 lydia , the periapsis of which is 3 . 77016e + 11 , is 6700 . 0 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
the periapsis of 110 lydia , last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) , is 3 . 77016e + 11 . the apoapsis of 110 lydia is 4 . 40756e8 kilometers .
aaron bertram , who played in suburban legends , played with kids imagine nation . he plays for pop music .
aaron deer , the home town of which is the united states , plays for indie rock . he is from indiana .
the home town of aaron deer , who plays for psychedelia , is the united states . he is from indiana .
aaron turner , who played in greymachine , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for black metal .
aaron turner , who played in greymachine , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for drone music .
aaron turner , who played in mamiffer , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for ambient music .
aaron turner , who plays electric guitar , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal .
aaron turner , who plays singing , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) . he was born on november 12 , 1978 .
abradab , the home town of which is katowice , played in kaliber 44 . he played with magik ( rapper ) .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , funk has which influenced . disco has influenced it .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and paraguay . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays singing , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music .
alan frew plays for rock music , country music has which influenced . it has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
albennie jones plays for jazz , blues has which influenced . it has influenced afrobeat .
albennie jones , born in errata ( mississippi ) , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
aleksandra kovac , who played with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , played in bebi dol . he plays for pop music .
aleksandra kovac , who played with kornelije kovac , played in bebi dol . he plays for pop music .
aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kristina kovac .
alex day plays for synthpop , pop music has which influenced . disco has influenced it .
alfred garth jones , who died in sidcup , was born in manchester and england .
alfred garth jones , born in england , died in london . he is from the united kingdom .
alfred garth jones , who is from the united kingdom , died in london . he was born in manchester .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and london . boris johnson is the leader of london .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell , who played with flibbertigibbet , played in mellow candle . he plays for folk music .
alison o ' donnell , who plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is static caravan recordings , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk .
allen forrest , who plays for pop music , was born in dothan ( alabama ) . he was a solo singer .
allen forrest , born in dothan ( alabama ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , which has influenced nu metal . new wave music has influenced it .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in billy iuso . he participated in kirk joseph .
the label of anders osborne , who plays for rock music , is rabadash records . it has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
andra ( singer ) , who played with crbl , played in puya ( singer ) . he plays for dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) , who played with andreea balan , plays for rhythm and blues . he played in marius moga .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in jonathan mendelsohn . he plays for trance music .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jwaydan moyine . he plays for house music .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) is universal records ( defunct record label ) .
aaron bertram , who plays for ska punk , participated in suburban legends . ska has influenced it .
albennie jones was born in the united states and errata ( mississippi ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the engine of 1955 dodge , which transmission is 3 - speed automatic , is 1955 dodge 2 . it is also known as dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , is cruise ship . it was ordered on january 22 , 2004 .
the displacement of a - rosa luna , the maximum speed of which is 24 . 0 , is 1 . 85e + 09 . the length of a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella , which costa crociere owns .
aidastella , launched on march 17 , 2013 , was christened in - - 03 - 16 . the length of aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , four - stroke engine is the engine of alco rs - 3 . the length of alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , v12 engine is the engine of alco rs - 3 . the length of alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
american locomotive company , founded in the schenectady ( new york ) , manufactured the alco rs - 3 , 17068 . 8 millimetres is the length of alco rs - 3 .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . americans live in the united states .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the diameter of alv x - 1 , which has 2 stages , is 5 . 0 foots . it was launched .
abarth 1000 gt coupe , which is a coupe , was last made in 1958 . the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is abarth 1000 gt coupe 1 .
the wheelbase of abarth 1000 gt coupe is 2 . 16 . the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe .
the beam of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which helsinki manufactured , is 21 . 2 meters long . arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as fiat croma , was assembled in italy . the capital of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to lancia thema , was assembled in italy . the capital of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in arese , is also known as fiat croma . it is related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is also known as fiat croma . it is related to saab 9000 .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) , the length of which is 63800 . 0 millimetres , is 8 . 3 meters long . it was launched on may 31 , 1855 .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) , launched on may 31 , 1855 , is 8 . 3 meters long . he is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , petrol is the engine of alvis speed 25 .
american motors , which acquired eagle ( automobile ) , manufactured the amc matador . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii . it is from the united states .
antares ( rocket ) , which is medium expendable launch system , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . yuzhnoye design bureau manufactured the antares ( rocket ) .
arianespace manufactured the ariane 5 , ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is aston martin v8 1 , is related to aston martin dbs . it was assembled in newport pagnell ( buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom ) .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is 5 . 3 , is related to aston martin dbs . it was assembled in the united kingdom .
atlas ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station , is from the united states .
atlas ii is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
atlas ii , which is from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station and spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the engine of audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , is audi a1 3 . the audi a1 is a hatchback .
audi manufactured the audi a1 , audi a1 is also known as seat ibiza . audi a1 is related to volkswagen polo mk5 .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , founded in the california . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it is in illinois .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which costa crociere owns . it is in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . it is from the united states .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre . french guiana is the headquarters of the guiana space centre .
ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre . it is in kourou ( french guiana ) .
neptun werft , which is in rostock and germany , manufactured the a - rosa luna .
atlas ii is from the united states , americans live in which . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg , the goslarer sc 08 youthclub and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii . dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , hull city a . f . c . and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher , born in netherlands , plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and w connection f . c . . it plays in palo seco .
akeem ayers , draft an in round 2 and an in position 39 , played in los angeles rams .
akeem ayers , draft an in round 2 and an in position 39 , played in history of the st . louis rams .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , born on september 27 , 1987 in atlanta ( georgia ) .
alaa abdul - zahra , who plays for shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team , was born in iraq .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club . it plays in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . . it plays in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 in tampere ( finland ) , plays for florida panthers .
florida panthers drafts aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 in tampere ( finland ) .
aleksandr chumakov , born in soviet union , died in russia . vladimir putin is the leader of russia .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz , was born on february 24 , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for russia national football b team and - tom tomsk , was born on february 24 , 1989 .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and azal pfk . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and us lesquin . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and italy national under - 16 football team . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for a . s . roma , plays in italy national under - 16 football team , which daniele zoratto coaches .
alessio romagnoli , born in italy , plays for italy national under - 17 football team and - sampdoria .
alex plante , the height up which is 1 . 9304 , was born in brandon ( manitoba ) . he plays for anyang halla .
the height up the alex plante , alex plante plays for anyang halla , is 1 . 9304 . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , plays in euroleague . zvi sherf coaches it .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , plays in turkish basketball super league . zvi sherf coaches it .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow . it plays in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc spartak moscow youthclub and - anzhi makhachkala . it plays in otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
aleksandr chumakov , born in moscow , died in russia . sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow .
abner ( footballer ) plays for brazil national under - 20 football team and real madrid castilla . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla and c . d . fas . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
alex tyus was born in st . louis . it is part of greater st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
akeem ayers , whom tennessee titans drafts , played in new england patriots . it is in nashville ( tennessee ) .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and united petrotrin f . c . . it plays in palo seco .
