11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . (id2)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id3)
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
11th mississippi infantry monument , which is a contributing property , was established in 2000 . (id6)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield , the nearest city to which is frederick ( maryland ) . (id7)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id9)
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . (id11)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . (id12)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan . (id13)
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara . (id14)
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states and pennsylvania . he is a contributing property . (id15)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id16)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . (id17)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in monocacy national battlefield , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) . the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield is frederick ( maryland ) . (id18)
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , is made of bronze . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . (id19)
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . (id20)
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states , seminary ridge and gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . he is a contributing property . (id21)
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property . (id22)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id23)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan . (id24)
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . (id25)
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states , seminary ridge and pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 . he is a contributing property . (id26)
franklin county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the west of adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property . (id27)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . (id28)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . (id29)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in the united states , monocacy national battlefield and maryland , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . he is a historic districts in the united states . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) . (id30)
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) , is made of bronze . it is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira . (id31)
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is made of bronze . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . (id32)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira . (id33)
