kevin eastman created april o ' neil . (id1)
bbc broadcasts bananaman . (id2)
ben urich is also known as benjamin urich . (id3)
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski . (id4)
bibbo bibbowski is also known as bo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
black pirate is also known as jon valor . (id7)
john buscema received the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is from americans . (id9)
marv wolfman received the kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is from the united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook ( illinois ) . (id12)
peter laird , who is from the united states , created april o ' neil . (id13)
bbc broadcasts bananaman , jill shilling stars in which . (id14)
graeme garden stars in bananaman , which stv broadcasts . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , stars in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . alan tudyk stars it big hero 6 ( film ) . (id17)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) . (id18)
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) is baymax , which steven t . seagle created . (id19)
roger mckenzie created ben urich , which is also known as benjamin urich . (id20)
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski , which marv wolfman created . (id21)
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski , which is also known as bo bibbowski . (id22)
rene goscinny , who is from french people , created the character asterix , which albert uderzo created . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor stars in bananaman , which bbc broadcasts . it last aired on april 15 ( 1986 ) . (id24)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) , scott adsit stars in which , is walt disney studios motion pictures . (id25)
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , the distributor of which is walt disney studios motion pictures , is baymax . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) . (id26)
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , ryan potter stars in which , is baymax . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) is walt disney studios motion pictures . (id27)
gardner fox created the character blockbuster , which is also known as mark desmond . carmine infantino created it . (id28)
the character bolt , which gary cohn created , is also known as larry bolatinsky . dan mishkin created it . (id29)
ernie colon created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it . (id30)
bbc , a key person at which is rona fairhead , broadcasts bananaman . it produces bbc radio . it is in broadcasting house . (id31)
jill shilling stars in bananaman , which steve bright created . bananaman , which stv broadcasts , first aired on october 03 , 1983 . (id32)
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax . ryan potter stars in big hero 6 ( film ) . (id33)
ernie colon , who is from puerto ricans , created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it . (id34)
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax , which steven t . seagle created . it is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , alan tudyk stars in which . (id35)
