103 colmore row , which was completed in 1976 , is in birmingham . the construction of 103 colmore row began in 1973 . it has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . an ethnic group of south africa are coloured . an ethnic group of south africa are asian south africans .
200 public square is in cleveland . cleveland , which the cleveland city council governs , is in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , which costs 1 . 1 million dollars , is in buffalo ( new york ) . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of cook county ( illinois ) . it is in the united states .
300 north lasalle is in illinois . 300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , was completed in 2009 .
live nation entertainment owns the 3arena , which is in dublin . it is part of republic of ireland and leinster .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is in copenhagen , is marriott international . 3xn designed it . it has 23 floors .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick . it is part of munster . the limerick city and county council governs it .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are vietnamese people in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall , which was completed in june 01 , 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way . it is in williamsburg ( virginia ) .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . narendra modi is the leader of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in pacific grove ( california ) in added to the national register of historic places on february 27 ( 1987 ) . it was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 80002709 , is in added to the national register of historic places in avenue a ( manhattan ) on april 23 ( 1980 ) . it was built in 1904 .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan , part of which is new york city . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is andrew mitchell , is b .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is labour party ( uk ) , is b .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india , the leader of which is narendra modi .
akita museum of art is in akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan , it is in which , are brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states and pennsylvania . he is a contributing property .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in monocacy national battlefield , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) . the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield is frederick ( maryland ) .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , is made of bronze . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara .
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
the land area of albuquerque , new mexico , the population density of which is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 486 square kilometers . the area code of albuquerque , new mexico is 505575 . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . potter county , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the spanish language is spoken in california .
the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 square kilometers , is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometer . it is 267 . 919 meters above the sea level .
angola , indiana is in the united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , the total population of which is 102372 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of antioch , california is 925 . the total area of antioch , california is 753 square kilometers .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the area code of which is 609 , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is the mayors of atlantic city ( new jersey ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the lee county , alabama is in alabama .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . pierce county , washington is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) and king county ( washington ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas is houston .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the chinese language is spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia and fulton county ( georgia ) . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta . georgia ( u . s . state ) is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . it is in the united states . the largest city in texas is houston .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , the largest city in which is new york city , is washington ( d . c . ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the new mexico senate , the leader of which is john sanchez . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the mayor of albuquerque . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
jens hartel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 , 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
rolando maran , who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona . he was born in italy .
michele marcolini , who plays for a . c . chievo verona and torino f . c . , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he was born in italy .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . it plays in an epsth 2nd group in efxeinoupoli .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , plays in 2014 in warton ( fylde , lancashire ) . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , played in 2014 in bryning lane . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
aek athens f . c . plays in 2014 in superleague greece in greece . the stadium of aek athens f . c . has 69618 seats .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . afc ajax operates sportpark de toekomst , which afc ajax n . v . owns . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which played in 2014 , is known as joden ( godenzonen ) and amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs also and also . the stadium of afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 seats .
john van den brom , who plays for vitesse arnhem , afc ajax and netherlands national football team , is the manager of az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champion of which are vila nova futebol clube , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in arapiraca .
akron , ohio is part of summit county ( ohio ) . akron summit assault plays in st . vincent - st . mary high school . it is in the united states and akron ( ohio ) .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
peter stoger , who plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien , is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) . the length of the runway of abilene regional airport , the name of which is 17l / 35r , is 2194 meters . it is 546 meters above the sea level .
the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . it is 506 . 882 meters above the sea level .
the name of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the length of which is 3499 . 71 meters , is 18l / 36r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which enaire operates , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the iata location identifier of the agra airport is agr . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is ( location of airport in india ) .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 09r / 27l , is 3990 meters .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
andrews county airport , which serves andrews ( texas ) , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 929 meters . it is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . tejano live in texas . it is in the united states .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . it is in the united states .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo , which is in angola . it is part of luanda province .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which flemish region owns . it is 11 . 8872 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of antwerp international airport is 600 meters .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is the turkmenbashi international airport . ashgabat is the headquarters of the turkmenistan airlines .
the athens international airport serves athens . the length of the runway at athens international airport is 3800 meters . athens international airport , which is 93 . 8784 meters above the sea level , is in spata .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
south jersey transportation authority , the leader of which is stephen dilts , owns the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , in which the german language is spoken .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium , in which the french language is spoken .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . the adirondack regional airport serves saranac lake ( new york ) .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , it is in which .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , in which the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves lahore , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan . it is in pakistan .
poaceae , which is of , the class , monocotyledon , is a flowering plant . the first runway of alderney airport is made of poaceae . a poaceae belongs to the order of the commelinids .
bbc , a key person at which is rona fairhead , broadcasts bananaman . it produces bbc radio . it is in broadcasting house .
jill shilling stars in bananaman , which steve bright created . bananaman , which stv broadcasts , first aired on october 03 , 1983 .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax . ryan potter stars in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ernie colon , who is from puerto ricans , created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
eric flint , born in burbank ( california ) , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette iii and issues ii ( iii , iv , v and vi ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which has 512 pages , can be found in e - book . eric flint ( virginia demarce , et al . ) is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) , the publisher of which is lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins , is published in the united kingdom . the parent company of lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins is wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the isbn number of which is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . it can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans .
a wizard of mars , which has 560 pages , can be found in hardcover . diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars . the isbn number of a wizard of mars is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . . the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , which covers the academic discipline of paleobiology , is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica , the issn number of which is 1732 - 2421 , is polish academy of sciences . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . the cornell university is in new york and ithaca ( new york ) .
aenir , the author of which is garth nix , has 233 pages . the isbn number of aenir is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . it can be found in paperback .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics , first published in 1878 , is johns hopkins university press , published in the united states . the parent company of johns hopkins university press is johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the english language is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , speak .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the english language is spoken in it .
alan bean , born in wheeler ( texas ) , is from the united states . he spent 100305 minutes in space . nasa selected him in 1963 .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 , a crew member of which was frank borman . chris patten represents it .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin , the birth name of which is edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 , which nasa operates . he received the 20 awards .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , died in california . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . he was born in dallas . he is from the united states .
william anders is a fighter pilot . nasa selected him in 1963 . it operates apollo 8 .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . a river is ganges in it .
acharya institute of technology , which is in india , is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore and india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , which is as a sport the governing body of which is the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba iulia and romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . it is part of alba county .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
awh engineering college , which is in kerala and kuttikkattoor , has 250 employees . kochi is the leader of kerala .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , the leader of which is klaus iohannis . the capital of romania is bucharest .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains tomato . the main ingredient in amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains cuttlefish .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains white rice .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra are batak . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra , an ethnic group of which are malays ( ethnic group ) , are minangkabau people .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
blt can a variation of which be bacon sandwich contains ketchup . it comes from the united kingdom . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
the main ingredient in bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it contains condiment .
baked alaska , which comes from the united states , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the main ingredient in baked alaska , found in paris ( new york or hong kong ) , are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding . baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from the united states .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from france , united states or china .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains ice cream , comes from the united states .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . it is part of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , contains tapioca . the main ingredient in bakso , found in nationwide in indonesia ( also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries ) , are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso , which contains noodle , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . the main ingredient in bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa , the main ingredient in which are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon , contains kidney bean . it is found in paisa region . it comes from colombian cuisine .
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa , found in paisa region , are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon . bandeja paisa , which contains hogao , comes from colombian cuisine .
barny cakes comes from france . the french language is spoken in it . gerard larcher is the leader of france , the leader of which is francois hollande .
shumai can a variation of which be siomay can be a variation of batagor , which comes from indonesia . it contains shiitake .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains pork . it is found in la paz ( iloilo city ) .
batchoy , which comes from philippines , contains chicken . it is a soup . the main ingredient in batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , comes from singapore . it is found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia . it contains sesame oil .
beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , is found in singapore . the standard chinese language is spoken in it . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , is found in singapore . beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , comes from indonesia .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
bhajji , the main ingredient in which are gram flour and vegetables , is found in karnataka . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are sago , contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales . sweet potato manufactured the flowering plant .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are coconut milk , is found in visayas . binignit , which contains sago , comes from philippines .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . bionico , which contains granola , is found in jalisco .
bionico , the main ingredient in which are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins , comes from mexico . it is found in guadalajara . it contains sour cream .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . cookie can be a variation of dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
bakso , which contains tapioca , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are baduy . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy comes from philippines . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are zamboangans , are ilocano people . the philippine spanish language is spoken in it .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are igorot people , are zamboangans .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . sandesh ( confectionery ) can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and sv werder bremen ii . alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii . it plays in 3 . liga .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , the central espanol youthclub and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub , central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub and u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . it plays in serie a .
adam mcquaid , whom 94 . 8024 kilograms weight , was born in 1986 on october 12 , 1986 in prince edward island .
columbus blue jackets , which is in columbus ( ohio ) , drafts adam mcquaid , who plays for boston bruins . don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
akeem ayers , born in july 10 , 1989 and 1989 , played in history of the st . louis rams . tennessee titans drafts him .
akeem dent , who played in houston texans , was born in atlanta ( georgia ) in 1987 and september 27 , 1987 .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , who played in houston texans . he was born on september 27 , 1987 in atlanta ( georgia ) .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawraa sc and al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under - 23 football team . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al - ordon club . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) is 185 . 42 centimetres .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for scotland national under - 21 football team and crewe alexandra f . c . . the height of alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) is 185 . 42 centimetres .
aleksandr prudnikov , the height of which is 185 . 0 centimetres , was born on february 24 , 1989 . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov , born on february 24 , 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 centimetres .
aleksandre guruli , born in batumi , plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . the height of aleksandre guruli is 0 . 0 centimetres .
alex plante , who plays for anyang halla , was born in canada in 1989 and may 09 , 1989 .
alex plante , the height up which is 1 . 9304 , was born in canada in 1989 . he plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . the inuktitut language is spoken in it .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . an ethnic group of canada are asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . the slavey language is spoken in it .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc kuban krasnodar . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr tukmanov is the chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , who played in houston texans . the houston texans is in texas and houston .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . . it plays in uruguayan primera division .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the orbital period of which is 8 . 78885e + 09 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 15591e + 12 . the apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , the escape velocity of which is 359 . 64 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) . the orbital period of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 3 . 11291e + 07 . the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers .
the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , last seen in november 4 ( 2013 ) , is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers . the mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 265 . 15 kelvins . the orbital period of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 3 . 11291e + 07 .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia , the orbital period of which is 488160 . 0 , is 90 . 72 kilometers per second . the periapsis of 1000 piazzia is 3 . 52497e + 11 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
sergey belyavsky discovered 1001 gaussia , last seen in 27 june 2015 ( jd2457200 . 5 ) . it was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc . the periapsis of 1001 gaussia is 4 . 19113e + 11 .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in preussisch oldendorf . he graduated from university of gottingen .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in west germany . he graduated from university of gottingen .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera , the apoapsis of which is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , the periapsis of which is 4 . 79343e8 kilometers . he was born in nottingham .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , discovered on march 01 ( 2001 ) . he was born in nottingham .
1089 tama , which was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 . the periapsis of 1089 tama is 2 . 88749e + 11 .
1089 tama , the escape velocity of which is 24 . 48 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
the mass of 1097 vicia , the orbital period of which is 1 . 35589e + 08 , is 9800 . 0 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) . the apoapsis of 1097 vicia is 5 . 11592e8 kilometers .
the escape velocity of 109 felicitas , the orbital period of which is 1 . 39705e + 08 , is 170 . 28 kilometers per second . the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 2 . 83326e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
10 hygiea , the orbital period of which is 481248 . 0 , was formerly known as a900 ga . the periapsis of 10 hygiea is 4 . 16136e + 11 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
1101 clematis , the orbital period of which is 1 . 83309e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 kilometers per second . the apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 5 . 20906e8 kilometers .
1101 clematis , which was formerly known as 1928 sj , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1 . 83309e + 08 . the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4 . 45895e + 11 .
1101 clematis , the escape velocity of which is 72 . 0 kilometers per second , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1 . 83309e + 08 . the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4 . 45895e + 11 .
the engine of 1955 dodge , which dodge manufactured , is 1955 dodge 5 . the transmission of 1955 dodge is 3 - speed automatic . the wheelbase of 1955 dodge is 120 . 0 inchs .
1955 dodge is related to desoto custom . desoto custom , which desoto firedome succeeded , is also known as chrysler newport . desoto ( automobile ) manufactured the desoto custom .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere operates it .
aida cruises operates aidastella , the length of which is 253 . 26 . meyer werft manufactured the aidastella . costa crociere operates it .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . it was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 .
american locomotive company , which is in the united states , manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was founded in the schenectady ( new york ) .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , which has 12 cylinders . alco rs - 3 was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is four - stroke engine .
amc matador , assembled in mexico city , is also known as american motors matador . the amc matador , the engine of which is v8 , is a station wagon .
amc matador , assembled in kenosha ( wisconsin ) , is also known as vam classic . the amc matador , the engine of which is i6 , is of the class , mid - size car .
acura tlx , which is of , the class , mid - size car , was assembled in marysville ( ohio ) . the layout of acura tlx is front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive . the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine .
acura tlx , the engine of which is acura tlx 10 , was assembled in marysville auto plant . the layout of acura tlx is front - engine design . the acura tlx is of the class , luxury vehicle .
finland manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , the beam of which is 21 . 2 meters long . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , whom arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured , is in service .
finland , finns live in which , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which helsinki manufactured . juha sipila is the leader of finland .
the beam of in service aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is 21 . 2 meters long . helsinki manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) . arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as saab 9000 , was assembled in italy . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164 5 . it is related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to fiat croma . it is also known as saab 9000 . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164 4 .
the beam of alhambra ( 1855 ) , the length of which is 63800 . 0 millimetres , is 8 . 3 meters long . it was launched on may 31 , 1855 . he is wrecked .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is petrol . rover company succeeded it .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 3 . rover company succeeded it .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador . it acquired chrysler . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
the beam of american submarine nr - 1 , launched on january 25 , 1969 , is 3 . 8 meters long . the maximum speed of american submarine nr - 1 is 8 . 334 . general dynamics electric boat manufactured the american submarine nr - 1 .
american submarine nr - 1 , the maximum speed of which is 8 . 334 , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . the length of american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres . the beam of american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 meters long .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which last flew on october 28 , 2014 . antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21 , 2013 .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21 , 2013 . antares ( rocket ) last flew on september 18 , 2013 .
aston martin v8 , which aston martin virage succeeded , was assembled in the united kingdom . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage . the capital of the united kingdom is london .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is 5 . 3 , is also known as aston martin dbs . it was assembled in the united kingdom . it is related to aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is aston martin v8 1 , is related to aston martin dbs . aston martin virage succeeded it . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage .
the diameter of atlas ii , which last flew on december 05 , 2002 , is 3 . 04 . it was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
a audi a1 , the engine of which is audi a1 3 , is of the class , supermini . the layout of audi a1 is front - engine ( front - wheel - drive layout ) . it was assembled in audi brussels .
audi , which august horch founded , manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron . it owns ducati .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it is in illinois . it was founded in california .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , which is in genoa , operates it .
antares ( rocket ) , which was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , is similar to delta ii , which was launched from cape canaveral air force station . it is from the united states .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and cape canaveral air force station . it is from the united states .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as fiat croma , was assembled in italy . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) . it is related to opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is also known as fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) . it is related to opel vectra .
the beam of american submarine nr - 1 , which general dynamics electric boat manufactured , is at stern stabilizers . the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . it is in groton ( connecticut ) .
neptun werft , which is in rostock , manufactured the a - rosa luna . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany , been by there .
atlas ii is from the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
atlas ii is from the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron bertram , who participated in suburban legends , played with kids imagine nation . he plays for ska punk . brian robertson ( trombonist ) played it suburban legends .
aaron deer , who plays for psychedelia , was a solo singer . the home town of aaron deer , who is from indiana , is indianapolis .
aaron turner , who played with sumac ( band ) , played in isis ( band ) . he plays for electroacoustic music . he plays singing .
aaron turner , who played in old man gloom , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for post - metal . he was active in 1995 .
aaron turner , who played with sumac ( band ) , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal . he plays electric guitar .
ace wilder , who was a solo singer , was born on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 in stockholm .
ace wilder , born on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 in sweden , was a solo singer .
ace wilder , born in stockholm in 1982 , was a solo singer and a songwriter .
ace wilder , born in 1982 in sweden , was a solo singer and a songwriter .
ahmet ertegun , the home town of which is the united states , plays for rhythm and blues . he was a non performing personnel . he is from washington ( d . c . ) .
ahmet ertegun , who is from the united states , plays for rock and roll , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
albennie jones , who plays for rhythm and blues , was active in 1950 . blues has influenced it . it has influenced disco .
albennie jones , born in the united states , plays for jazz , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aleksandra kovac , who plays for pop music , was born in belgrade in 1972 . he was a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac , who was a solo singer , plays for rhythm and blues . he was born in socialist republic of serbia in 1972 .
alex day , who plays for acoustic music , played in chameleon circuit ( band ) . he played with charlie mcdonnell . he was active in 2006 .
alex day , who plays for electronic music , played in chameleon circuit ( band ) . he played with charlie mcdonnell . he was active in 2006 .
alfred garth jones , born in 1872 in manchester and england , died in london .
uruguayans live in uruguay , montevideo is in which . alfredo zitarrosa died in it . daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo .
the label of alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , is rca records . he plays for candombe . he was a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell , who played with bajik , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music . he was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , who played with head south by weaving , played in mellow candle . he plays for folk music . he was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is floating world records . it is in london .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is fruits de mer records . it is in london .
allen forrest , who plays for acoustic music , was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he was a solo singer .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell ( ky , raised in dothan , al ) in 1981 , plays for hip hop music . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) , who plays for alternative rock , played in marry banilow . it has influenced nu metal . punk rock has influenced it .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in billy iuso . he plays for rock music . he participated in galactic .
the label of anders osborne , the label of which is shanachie records , is alligator records , which plays for blues . it is in chicago .
andra ( singer ) , who is a singing and a solo singer , plays for dance - pop . he was born in romania .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced funk and disco . blues has influenced it .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music . he was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music , house music has which influenced .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . he plays for alternative rock . he was active in 2003 .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) , active in 2003 , is universal records ( defunct record label ) .
agustin barboza died in asuncion and paraguay . it is part of gran asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who played with the wildweeds , played in nrbq . he plays for country music , which plays banjo .
allen forrest plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
alfred garth jones was born in england and manchester . it is part of greater manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
aaron turner , who played in house of low culture , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for post - metal , which plays cello .
aaron turner , who plays electric guitar , played with twilight ( band ) , which plays for black metal . it has influenced death metal .
albennie jones , born in the united states , plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the american civil war . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of the wilderness . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine .
ab klink , who is ministry of health ( welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ) , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with association of mbas . he was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born in miri ( malaysia ) .
abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , is found in asajaya .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , who served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar succeeded it .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , whom al - amin daggash succeeded . he served in the nigerian air force .
the monarch of abel caballero , the prime minister of which is felipe gonzalez , is juan carlos i of spain , which predecessor is francisco franco . he was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero , who is minister of transport , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero belongs to the spanish socialist workers party .
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in , , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
adam holloway , born in kent , was involved in the gulf war . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
adam koc , which is from poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . the polish language is spoken in it . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adam koc , which died in new york city , was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis , who is vice - president of new democracy , was born in athens and greece . makis voridis succeeded it .
adonis georgiadis , who is ministry of economy ( development and tourism ( greece ) ) , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it .
adonis georgiadis , who is member of thehellenic parliament , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it .
agnes kant is from netherlands , the currency of which is the euro . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . agnes kant belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands . the colour of socialist party ( netherlands ) is red . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on june 30 , 1953 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on march 04 , 1974 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
airey neave , who was involved in the world war ii , served in royal artillery . chiang kai - shek was the commander during world war ii .
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) , was born in cleveland . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white , born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . he was active on march 04 , 1901 .
albert jennings fountain , who was involved in the american civil war , was born in new york . the french language is spoken in it . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) . it was involved in the american civil war . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in new mexico territory and the united states .
alberto teisaire , who belongs to the justicialist party , died in buenos aires . juan peron was the president of alberto teisaire . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina . alfred moore scales belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . he was born in reidsville ( north carolina ) .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , served in the united states army , which was involved in the whiskey rebellion . he is member of the .
alfred n . phillips , whom albert e . austin succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) . albert e . austin succeeded it . he was born in darien ( connecticut ) .
allan shivers , whom price daniel succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas .
allan shivers , whom wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas .
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , is secretary of state of vermont . the alvah sabin is in vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alvah sabin , found in vermont , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , the leader of which is daniel webster . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg . battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was robert e . lee .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) .
isaac rojas succeeded alberto teisaire , born in mendoza ( argentina ) . juan peron , who belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) , was the president of alberto teisaire .
