the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
the name of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of the afonso pena international airport is sbct .
the afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah .
the length of the runway of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 meters .
the name of the runway of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 meters .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the fifth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
andrews county ( texas ) owns the andrews county airport .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 meters above the sea level .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
the length of the runway at appleton international airport is 2439 meters .
the length of the runway of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 16 meters .
the icao location identifier of the ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the name of the runway at ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority owns the atlantic city international airport .
the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of south region ( brazil ) .
danes live in denmark .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute ( wisconsin ) .
the arabic language is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
the largest city in texas is houston .
united states air force was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport is 2777 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) , is 609 . 6 meters above the sea level .
the length of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3499 . 71 meters . it is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway at al asad airbase is 3090 meters .
al asad airbase is in iraq , in which the arabic language is spoken .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase .
a poaceae is of the class , monocotyledon . the first runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae .
the length of the first runway of alderney airport is 877 meters .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan , the leader of which is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 meters .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 meters .
andrews county airport is in texas , the largest city in which is houston .
the length of the runway of angola international airport is 3800 . 86 meters . the angola international airport serves luanda .
the length of the third runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 408 meters .
the length of the first runway of ashgabat international airport is 12467 meters . it is 211 meters above the sea level .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey operates atlantic city international airport . the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . port authority of new york and new jersey operates it .
infraero , which is in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport , the name of which is 10r / 28l , is 2776 . 73 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is in spain . it is part of community of madrid .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 meters .
united states air force , which has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 877 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 2900 meters .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 1773 meters .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
andrews county airport is in texas , tejano live in which . it is in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . the german language is spoken in it .
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) .
port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , operates atlantic city international airport . four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . it is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , lahore is in which . the allama iqbal international airport serves it .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid . the leader party in madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid , the leader party in which is ahora madrid . it is in spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in san sebastian de los reyes , the leader party in which is peoples party ( spain ) . it is in spain .
the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) . the length of the runway of abilene regional airport , the name of which is 17l / 35r , is 2194 meters . it is 546 meters above the sea level .
the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . it is 506 . 882 meters above the sea level .
the name of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the length of which is 3499 . 71 meters , is 18l / 36r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which enaire operates , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the iata location identifier of the agra airport is agr . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is ( location of airport in india ) .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 09r / 27l , is 3990 meters .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
andrews county airport , which serves andrews ( texas ) , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 929 meters . it is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . tejano live in texas . it is in the united states .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . it is in the united states .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo , which is in angola . it is part of luanda province .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which flemish region owns . it is 11 . 8872 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of antwerp international airport is 600 meters .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is the turkmenbashi international airport . ashgabat is the headquarters of the turkmenistan airlines .
the athens international airport serves athens . the length of the runway at athens international airport is 3800 meters . athens international airport , which is 93 . 8784 meters above the sea level , is in spata .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
south jersey transportation authority , the leader of which is stephen dilts , owns the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , in which the german language is spoken .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium , in which the french language is spoken .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . the adirondack regional airport serves saranac lake ( new york ) .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , it is in which .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , in which the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves lahore , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan . it is in pakistan .
poaceae , which is of , the class , monocotyledon , is a flowering plant . the first runway of alderney airport is made of poaceae . a poaceae belongs to the order of the commelinids .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is in tirstrup , which is in denmark . it is part of central denmark region .
the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the name of which is 14l / 32r , is 4100 meters . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 meters above the sea level , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) . enaire operates it .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the length of the runway at agra airport is 1817 . 83 meters . it is 167 . 945 meters above the sea level . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3992 . 88 meters . al asad airbase , which united states air force operates , is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
united states air force , which has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 . it uses the lockheed c - 130 hercules as aircraft transport .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 733 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney . it is 88 . 392 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 3310 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18r / 36l , is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 7 / 25 , is 1532 . 53 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 1 / 19 , is 2743 . 5 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
alpena county regional airport , which is 210 meters above the sea level , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo . it is 159 . 106 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at angola international airport , the length of which is 3800 . 86 meters , is 05l / 23r .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is alexis tsipras . the greek language is spoken in it . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is prokopis pavlopoulos . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . the greek language is spoken in it .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . it is in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , the leader of which is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey and atlantic county ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states . the icao location identifier of the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) , is kacy .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) . lake placid , new york is part of new york .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh , the leader of which is ram naik . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter . it is part of bundelkhand .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , the leader of which is fuad masum . the arabic language is spoken in it .
