ring of fire ii follows 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette ii . virginia demarce and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the english language is spoken in it . it follows the grantville gazette .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . elizabeth garrett was the president of cornell university . the cornell university is in ithaca ( new york ) .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are african americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are native americans in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states , speak , are asian americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
into battle ( novel ) follows above the veil , which follows aenir . it follows castle ( novel ) . into battle ( novel ) , which the violet keystone follows , is published in australians .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans , is the president of the united states .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the potter county , texas is in texas , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , in which the english language is spoken . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
the potter county , texas is in texas and the united states . amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township ( madison county , indiana ) and anderson township ( madison county , indiana ) . the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 . 43 square kilometres , is 523 . 8634087103906 inhabitants per square kilometer . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) and california . the leader of antioch , california is the californias 11th state assembly district . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the english language is spoken in it .
the land area of atlanta , the total area of which is 347 square kilometers , is 344 square kilometers . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer . the area code of atlanta is 404 . it is part of dekalb county ( georgia ) .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and logan township ( fountain county , indiana ) . the total area of attica , indiana , which is 166 meters above the sea level , is 414 square kilometers . the population density of attica , indiana is 783 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the lee county , alabama is in alabama , which is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . the total area of auburn , washington , which is in the united states , is 774 square kilometers . the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 792 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the largest city in williamson county , texas , the county seat of which is georgetown ( texas ) , is round rock ( texas ) . austin , texas is part of texas and williamson county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the english language is spoken , is houston .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the spanish language is spoken , is houston .
alexandria , indiana is part of indiana and madison county ( indiana ) . the capital of indiana , which is in the united states , is indianapolis . the english americans language is spoken in it .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the county seat of tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the spanish language is spoken in it . the largest city in texas is houston .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the capital of texas , which is in the united states , is austin ( texas ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans , is washington ( d . c . ) . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
albany , oregon is in the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . it is in the united states , americans live in which . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the english language is spoken in it . americans live in the united states .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are native americans in the united states .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , which is in the united states , is opelika ( alabama ) . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
a ethnic group of the united states , new jersey is in which , are native americans in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city in which is newark ( new jersey ) . the capital of new jersey is trenton ( new jersey ) .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the leader of which is barack obama . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states , seminary ridge and gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . he is a contributing property .
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul .
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , was established in 2001 . the awh engineering college is in kerala and kuttikkattoor . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology has ~ 700 postgraduate students . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is the monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . it has 250 employees . the largest city in india is mumbai .
awh engineering college is in india and kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . kochi is the leader of kerala .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus , which the magistrate governs . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . mols is located to the northeast of aarhus .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax , which steven t . seagle created . it is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , alan tudyk stars in which .
michele marcolini , who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . it plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in serie d , the champion of which are s . s . robur siena , in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy , in which the italian language is spoken .
gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . , is the manager of aek athens f . c . . it plays in olympic stadium ( athens ) . it is in marousi .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , italians live in which . the capital of italy is rome . the italian language is spoken in it .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . the italian language is spoken in it . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arem - arem , found in nationwide in indonesia ( but more specific to java ) , comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , the currency of which is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in it .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , an ethnic group of which are malaysian malay , are malaysian chinese . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
asam pedas , found in malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the leader of which is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon and sausage , comes from the united states . it contains bacon . it is found in kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredient in bacon explosion are sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the leader of which is paul ryan , are white americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , the main ingredient in which are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska , found in hong kong , comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the leader of which is gerard larcher . the french language is spoken in it .
bandeja paisa , found in antioquia department , contains lemon , which belongs to the order of the rosids . it comes from colombia . lemon is part of the familiy rutaceae .
barny cakes , which contains sponge cake , comes from france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , in which the french language is spoken . francois hollande is the leader of france .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai can be a variation of batagor . it contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai contains shiitake . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
shumai can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . siomay can be a variation of batagor . it contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains gram flour . the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . the main ingredient in bionico , found in guadalajara , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it contains sour cream .
honey can a variation of which be bionico comes from mexico . it is a dessert . the spanish language is spoken in it . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico , found in jalisco , comes from mexico . honey can be a variation of bionico . it is a dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . an ethnic group of spain , the leader of which is felipe vi of spain , are spaniards . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
ayam penyet , found in nationwide ( also can be found in malaysia and singapore ) , contains fried chicken . it comes from java . the main ingredient in fried chicken are chicken . an ethnic group of java are javanese people .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are javanese people . the english language is spoken in it . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , in which the philippine spanish language is spoken , are zamboangans . an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , spaniards live in which . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa selected retired alan bean in 1963 .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , who is from the united states , was a crew member of apollo 8 , the commander of which was frank borman . he was born in british hong kong . nasa operates it .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is from the united states . he is a fighter pilot . nasa operates apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is retired . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
retired buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 , the backup pilot of which was william anders . he was born on january 20 , 1930 . nasa operates it .
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . , a senator dianne feinstein , california is well known for the benitoite gemstone .
alan shepard , who died in california , is from the united states . he was born in new hampshire . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders , who is from the united states , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is a fighter pilot . he was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is in tirstrup , which is in denmark . it is part of central denmark region .
the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the name of which is 14l / 32r , is 4100 meters . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 meters above the sea level , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) . enaire operates it .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the length of the runway at agra airport is 1817 . 83 meters . it is 167 . 945 meters above the sea level . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3992 . 88 meters . al asad airbase , which united states air force operates , is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
united states air force , which has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 . it uses the lockheed c - 130 hercules as aircraft transport .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 733 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney . it is 88 . 392 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 3310 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18r / 36l , is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 7 / 25 , is 1532 . 53 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 1 / 19 , is 2743 . 5 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
alpena county regional airport , which is 210 meters above the sea level , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo . it is 159 . 106 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at angola international airport , the length of which is 3800 . 86 meters , is 05l / 23r .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is alexis tsipras . the greek language is spoken in it . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is prokopis pavlopoulos . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . the greek language is spoken in it .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . it is in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , the leader of which is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey and atlantic county ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states . the icao location identifier of the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) , is kacy .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) . lake placid , new york is part of new york .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh , the leader of which is ram naik . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter . it is part of bundelkhand .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , the leader of which is fuad masum . the arabic language is spoken in it .
200 public square , which was completed in 1985 , is in cleveland . it is in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , the architectural style of which is postmodern architecture , is in buffalo ( new york ) . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
the capital of illinois , part of which is chicago , is springfield ( illinois ) . 300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is in the united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the greenlandic language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . the greenlandic language is spoken in it .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . it is in republic of ireland , the leader of which is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall , which houses the government of addis ababa , was completed in 1964 . the height up the addis ababa city hall is 42 m . the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square meters .
akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . it is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan , an ethnic group of which are chinese people in japan .
alan b . miller hall , which robert a . m . stern designed , is in virginia . college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india , it is in which .
ampara hospital , found in ampara district , is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . the eastern provincial council governs eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states . it is part of manhattan and new netherland .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is john clancy ( labour politician ) , is b . the birmingham city council governs it .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , the parent company of which is carnival corporation & amp ; plc , operates it .
aida cruises operates aidastella , the beam of which is 32 . 2 meters long . the maximum speed of aidastella is 38 . 892 . meyer werft manufactured the aidastella . the length of aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 , has 12 cylinders . the engine of alco rs - 3 is four - stroke engine .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . alco rs - 3 , the engine of which is v12 engine , has 12 cylinders . it was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . americans live in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
amc matador , assembled in thames ( new zealand ) , is also known as american motors matador . the amc matador , which is of , the class , mid - size car , is a station wagon . the engine of amc matador is v8 .
p & amp ; o ( company ) , which is in london , operates alhambra ( 1855 ) , the beam of which is 8 . 3 meters long . the engine of alhambra ( 1855 ) is humphrys ( tennant and dykes ) . samuda brothers manufactured the alhambra ( 1855 ) .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador . it owns wheel horse . it acquired chrysler . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
american submarine nr - 1 , the maximum speed of which is 8 . 334 , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . the beam of american submarine nr - 1 is at stern stabilizers . the draft of american submarine nr - 1 is * \ n * box keel depth : . the length of american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres .
antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport and mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . minotaur iv use the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is from the united states .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which last flew on july 13 , 2014 . antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on october 28 , 2014 . the diameter of antares ( rocket ) is 3 . 9 metres .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on october 28 , 2014 . the diameter of antares ( rocket ) is 3 . 9 metres . it last flew on september 18 , 2013 .
ariane 5 , which was first launched from guiana space centre on august 11 , 2005 , last flew on december 18 , 2009 . airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 . the diameter of ariane 5 is 5 . 4 metres .
arianespace is in courcouronnes . ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . ela - 3 , which it operates , was launched from guiana space centre . french guiana is the headquarters of the guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is related to aston martin dbs . the engine of aston martin v8 is aston martin v8 1 . aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 . aston martin vantage succeeded it .
aston martin v8 , which is a coupe , is also known as aston martin dbs . the engine of aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 . it is related to aston martin rham / 1 . it was assembled in newport pagnell .
aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to aston martin dbs . aston martin virage succeeded it . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the engine of audi a1 , the layout of which is front - engine ( front - wheel - drive layout ) , is audi a1 2 . it was assembled in brussels ( belgium ) . the audi a1 , which is a hatchback , is of the class , supermini .
audi , which august horch founded , manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron . it owns ducati and lamborghini .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it was founded in california and the united states . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . . it was founded in the united states .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . . it was founded in the united states . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , which is in genoa , operates it . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & amp ; plc .
finland , finns live in which , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured . the sami languages are spoken in it . juha sipila is the leader of finland .
neptun werft , which is , manufactured the a - rosa luna . rostock is in germany , the capital of which is berlin . joachim gauck is the leader of germany .
neptun werft , which is , manufactured the a - rosa luna . rostock is in germany , the leader of which is andreas vosskuhle . the capital of germany is berlin .
atlas ii is from the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub , central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . it plays in uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr chumakov , who plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team , died in russia . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and olympique lyonnais . oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for defender ( association football ) , plays for a . c . milan and - sampdoria . a . c . milan , the manager of which is sinisa mihajlovic , plays in serie a .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan , italy national under - 17 football team and - sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , uruguay national football team and u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . it plays in uruguayan segunda division .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc amkar perm . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . it plays in otkrytiye arena . gadzhi gadzhiyev is the manager of fc amkar perm .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc spartak moscow youthclub , fc terek grozny and fc dynamo moscow . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny .
aleksandr chumakov , who plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team , was born in soviet union . fc torpedo moscow , the manager of which is valery petrakov , played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . it plays in palo seco .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . it plays in palo seco velodrome .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , the mass of which is 5600 . 0 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 8 . 78885e + 09 . the periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 15591e + 12 . the apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6 . 603633e9 kilometers .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena , discovered on august 15 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena . he is from canada . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
walter baade , who died in gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , discovered on september 07 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , the periapsis of which is 3 . 7124e8 kilometers . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
b . zellner discovered 107 camilla , the orbital period of which is 2 . 046e + 08 . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 4 . 79343e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 5 . 60937e8 kilometers .
c . woods discovered 107 camilla , the orbital period of which is 86 . 4 . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 4 . 79343e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 5 . 60937e8 kilometers .
f . vilas discovered 107 camilla , last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 107 camilla is 86 . 4 . the periapsis of 107 camilla is 4 . 79343e + 11 . the apoapsis of 107 camilla is 5 . 60937e8 kilometers .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , the magnitude of which is 7 . 08 . he was born in nottingham . he is from england .
1089 tama , the escape velocity of which is 24 . 48 kilometers per second , was last seen in november 26 ( 2005 ( jd2453700 . 5 ) ) . it was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1 . 03926e + 08 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
1101 clematis , the escape velocity of which is 72 . 0 kilometers per second , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the orbital period of 1101 clematis is 1 . 83309e + 08 . the mass of 1101 clematis is 5 . 7 kilograms . the apoapsis of 1101 clematis is 5 . 20906e8 kilometers .
the orbital period of 11264 claudiomaccone , the periapsis of which is 2 . 96521e + 11 , is 1 . 30786e + 08 . it was last seen on november 26 ( 2005 ) . the apoapsis of 11264 claudiomaccone is 4 . 75426e8 kilometers . the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born on may 21 , 1936 in miri ( malaysia ) .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in kingdom of sarawak . it lives in demak jaya ( jalan bako , kuching , sarawak ) . he graduated from university of adelaide .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian navy . atiku abubakar succeeded it .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been . he was active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian army . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya .
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , died in the united states . he was born in connecticut . he is from american . he is governor of connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is united states secretary of health ( education , and welfare ) . he died in new york city . he was born in connecticut . he is from the united states .
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in connecticut , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . he died in new york . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
adam holloway , who is for gravesham , was born in kent . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
adam holloway , born in faversham ( kent , england ) , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
the prime minister of adonis georgiadis , born in greece and athens , is antonis samaras , the prime minister of which is konstantinos mitsotakis . makis voridis succeeded it .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . it lives in doesburg . khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant , who lives in doesburg , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 , was born in 1856 and september 22 , 1856 .
the spouse of albert b . white , born in cleveland , is agnes ward white . he died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white . he is governor of west virginia . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 .
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white , which belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 . he was active on march 04 , 1901 .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , died in buenos aires . the spouse of juan peron is eva peron . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) on may 20 , 1891 .
alfons gorbach , who belongs to the austrian peoples party , died in styria and graz . he was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria .
alfons gorbach , who belongs to the austrian peoples party , died in styria and graz . he was born in tyrol ( state ) and imst .
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , was active on march 03 , 1857 . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , is found in vermonts 3rd congressional district . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the battle of gettysburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of gettysburg .
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the siege of petersburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . siege of petersburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was jefferson davis .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . the spouse of juan peron is eva peron . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) .
aaron bertram , who participated in kids imagine nation , played in suburban legends , brian robertson ( trombonist ) played for which . he plays for ska punk , punk rock has which influenced .
aaron deer , who played in wee giant , plays for indie rock . he was a solo singer . the home town of aaron deer , who is from the united states , is indiana .
aaron turner , who played with lotus eaters ( band ) , played in old man gloom . he plays for black metal . the home town of aaron turner , active in 1995 , is the united states .
aaron turner , who played with lotus eaters ( band ) , played in twilight ( band ) . he plays for sludge metal . the home town of aaron turner , active in 1995 , is massachusetts .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) . he was born on november 12 , 1978 in katowice and poland .
ace wilder , who is a singing and a solo singer , was born in sweden in 1982 on july 23 , 1982 .
ace wilder , who is a songwriter and a solo singer , was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , a subgenre of which is gangsta rap . funk has influenced it . hip hop music , disco has which influenced , has influenced drum and bass .
ace wilder , born in sweden , plays for hip hop music , funk has which influenced . disco has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who played with the wildweeds , played in nrbq . he was born in windsor ( connecticut ) . he plays for rock music . he was active in 1966 .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays guitar , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it .
the home town of alan frew , who is a musician and a solo singer , is newmarket ( ontario ) . he was born in coatbridge . he is from canada .
aleksandra kovac , born in socialist republic of serbia in 1972 , was a solo singer . he plays for pop music , which has influenced disco .
aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kornelije kovac . he was a solo singer . he was active in 1990 .
alfred garth jones , who is from the united kingdom , died in london . he was born in 1872 in manchester and england .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . the leader of london , the leader of which is boris johnson , is the european parliament .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester . the leader of london is the european parliament .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland . the label of alison o ' donnell , active in 1963 , is floating world records .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk . the label of alison o ' donnell is stanyan records . it is in london .
alison o ' donnell , who plays autoharp , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk and afrobeat . folk music has influenced it .
alison o ' donnell , who plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) , plays for jazz , blues has which influenced . it has influenced funk and afrobeat .
allen forrest , who plays for acoustic music , was born in dothan ( alabama ) in fort campbell in 1981 . he was a solo singer .
anders osborne , who played with voice of the wetlands all - stars , played in billy iuso . he plays for rock music . he participated in galactic . he was active in 1989 .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in galactic . he plays for blues . he participated in billy iuso . he was active in 1989 .
andra ( singer ) , who plays for dance - pop , was born in campia turzii in 1986 . he was a solo singer and a singer ( reality television judge ) .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer and a singing , plays for rhythm and blues . he was born in 1986 in romania .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in armin van buuren . he participated in armin van buuren ( bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi ) . he plays for trance music , pop music has which influenced .
andrew rayel , who plays for trance music , played with christian burns . he played in armin van buuren . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel , who plays string instrument , played with jwaydan moyine , which participated in john digweed . he played in christian burns . he plays for trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is polydor records , is b - unique records . he was active in 2003 .
allen forrest , who plays for hip hop music , was born in fort campbell . disco has influenced it . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
allen forrest , born in 1981 , plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
agustin barboza , who died in paraguay , was born in asuncion . an ethnic group of paraguay , the leader of which is juan afara , are mestizo . the spanish language is spoken in it .
andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is b - unique records , plays for alternative rock , which has influenced nu metal . the label of andrew white ( musician ) is polydor records . it is in london .
the label of andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is universal records ( defunct record label ) , is polydor records , which is in london . he plays for alternative rock , which has influenced nu metal .
al anderson ( nrbq ) plays guitar . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it . blues has influenced it .
country music plays banjo . al anderson ( nrbq ) plays for rock music , blues has which influenced . rock music , it has which influenced , has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
aaron turner , who played in old man gloom , played with twilight ( band ) , which plays for black metal . he plays electric guitar . it has influenced death metal .
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay , in which the spanish language is spoken . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo , the leader of which is daniel martinez ( politician ) , is in uruguay .
