the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba . (id1)
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology . (id2)
mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala . (id3)
a neighboring municipality to mendrisio is meride . (id4)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id5)
thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . (id6)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students . (id7)
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia , which is in alba , is also known as uab . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . (id9)
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore . (id10)
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . (id11)
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi . (id12)
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , is in india and kerala . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate student , is in bangalore . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala . (id15)
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) . (id16)
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . (id17)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . (id18)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is in aarhus and denmark . (id19)
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . a river is ganges in it . (id20)
acharya institute of technology , which is in india , is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore and india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id22)
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , which is as a sport the governing body of which is the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba iulia and romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . it is part of alba county . (id24)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id25)
awh engineering college , which is in kerala and kuttikkattoor , has 250 employees . kochi is the leader of kerala . (id26)
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) . (id27)
alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , the leader of which is klaus iohannis . the capital of romania is bucharest . (id28)
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , was established in 2001 . the awh engineering college is in kerala and kuttikkattoor . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology has ~ 700 postgraduate students . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . (id30)
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is the monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . (id32)
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . it has 250 employees . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id33)
awh engineering college is in india and kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . kochi is the leader of kerala . (id34)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id35)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus , which the magistrate governs . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . mols is located to the northeast of aarhus . (id36)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland , mendrisio and ticino . accademia di architettura di mendrisio , which has 100 employees , was established in 1996 . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate students , is in bangalore , karnataka and india . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . (id38)
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . it was established in 2000 . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id39)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . the leader of denmark is the monarchy of denmark . the religion of denmark is church of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . (id40)
thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id41)
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . (id42)
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) . (id43)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees and 16000 students . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id44)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland and mendrisio . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 600 students and 100 employees . it was established in 1996 . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland . (id45)
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore , india and karnataka . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . it was established in 2000 . the motto of acharya institute of technology is nurturing excellence . (id46)
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , the governing body of which is the international tennis federation which is as a sport . the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka . telangana is located to the northeast of karnataka . arabian sea is located to the west of karnataka . (id47)
alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the leader of romania is the prime minister of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) . (id48)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , the dean of which was thomas pallesen , has 737 employees . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id49)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . the leader of denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen , is the monarchy of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . (id50)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students . the latin name of the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is universitas aarhusiensis . it was established in 1928 . (id51)
