11 diagonal street is in south africa .
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is in chicago .
george winkler designed 320 south boston building .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain designed adare manor .
adisham hall is in haputale .
akita museum of art is in japan .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) .
the reference number in the national register of historic places of asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539 .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .
the architectural style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county ( new york ) .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people live in india .
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is in beverly hills ( california ) .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
a ethnic group of south africa are white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
108 st georges terrace , which was completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square , which is in the united states , has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors .
300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , is in chicago .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in east link bridge .
3arena , which the company populous designed , is in dublin .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in copenhagen .
george richard pain designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is in ethiopia and addis ababa .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in haputale ( sri lanka ) .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in sri lanka .
akita museum of art is in japan , an ethnic group of which are brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art , which is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa , which is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) , is in gujarat .
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . the ampara hospital is in eastern province ( sri lanka ) .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
adare manor is in county limerick .
3arena is in dublin .
103 colmore row , which john madin designed , is in colmore row . he was born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states . it has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of dupage county ( illinois ) .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in north wall quay . it was completed in december , 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in denmark . it has 23 floors .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which 3xn designed , is marriott international . it has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 . j . p . mcmanus owns the adare manor .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in haputale .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka and haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the construction of alan b . miller hall began in march 30 , 2007 . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and the chinatown ( san francisco ) .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in added to the national register of historic places in asilomar blvd . ( pacific grove , california ) on february 27 ( 1987 ) .
asser levy public baths , which is on april 23 ( 1980 ) in avenue a ( manhattan ) in added to the national register of historic places , was built in 1904 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is in added to the national register of historic places in new york city on april 23 ( 1980 ) .
the home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , is birmingham , the leader of which is conservative party ( uk ) .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham .
addis ababa , addis ababa city hall is in which , is in ethiopia , the leader of which is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat .
marriott international , which is in bethesda ( maryland ) , operates ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
103 colmore row , which was completed in 1976 , is in birmingham . the construction of 103 colmore row began in 1973 . it has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . an ethnic group of south africa are coloured . an ethnic group of south africa are asian south africans .
200 public square is in cleveland . cleveland , which the cleveland city council governs , is in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , which costs 1 . 1 million dollars , is in buffalo ( new york ) . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of cook county ( illinois ) . it is in the united states .
300 north lasalle is in illinois . 300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , was completed in 2009 .
live nation entertainment owns the 3arena , which is in dublin . it is part of republic of ireland and leinster .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is in copenhagen , is marriott international . 3xn designed it . it has 23 floors .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick . it is part of munster . the limerick city and county council governs it .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are vietnamese people in japan .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall , which was completed in june 01 , 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way . it is in williamsburg ( virginia ) .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . narendra modi is the leader of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in pacific grove ( california ) in added to the national register of historic places on february 27 ( 1987 ) . it was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 80002709 , is in added to the national register of historic places in avenue a ( manhattan ) on april 23 ( 1980 ) . it was built in 1904 .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan , part of which is new york city . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is andrew mitchell , is b .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is labour party ( uk ) , is b .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india , the leader of which is narendra modi .
akita museum of art is in akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan , it is in which , are brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
200 public square , which was completed in 1985 , is in cleveland . it is in the united states .
250 delaware avenue , the architectural style of which is postmodern architecture , is in buffalo ( new york ) . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
the capital of illinois , part of which is chicago , is springfield ( illinois ) . 300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is in the united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the greenlandic language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . the greenlandic language is spoken in it .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . it is in republic of ireland , the leader of which is enda kenny .
addis ababa city hall , which houses the government of addis ababa , was completed in 1964 . the height up the addis ababa city hall is 42 m . the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square meters .
akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . it is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan , an ethnic group of which are chinese people in japan .
alan b . miller hall , which robert a . m . stern designed , is in virginia . college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india , it is in which .
ampara hospital , found in ampara district , is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . the eastern provincial council governs eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states . it is part of manhattan and new netherland .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is john clancy ( labour politician ) , is b . the birmingham city council governs it .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
