pecorino romano is one of the ingredients in the dish amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is one of the ingredients in the dish arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is one of the ingredients in the dish arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is a food found in catalonia . (id4)
arros negre is a food found in valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient of a blt . (id7)
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the country of colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is a food found in paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . (id13)
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id15)
shrimp is one of the ingredients in the dish batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia . (id17)
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is made with vegetables . (id18)
taro is one of the ingredients in the dish binignit . (id19)
bionico and cottage cheese are variations of the same dish . (id20)
bionico is a food found in jalisco . (id21)
food is classed as a bird and is a type of chicken . (id22)
the currency used in india is the indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the name of the leader of india . (id24)
indonesian language is one of the languages spoken in indonesia . (id25)
aristoteles sandoval is the name of the leader of jalisco . (id26)
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java . (id27)
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia and malaysia ' s ethnic groups . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the name of the leader of mexico . (id29)
the spanish language is one of the languages spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is a popular tourist destination in china . (id31)
peanut sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish siomay . (id32)
malays ( ethnic group ) is one of the ethnic groups on sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a food found in italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in italy . (id39)
arros negre is from the valencian community region of spain and is a popular food of valencian community . (id40)
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . (id41)
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is made nationwide and is also found in malaysia and singapore . (id42)
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id43)
bacon are the main ingredients of binignit , which also contains sweet potato . (id44)
bacon sandwich is also known as bhaji or bajji and has gram flour as an ingredient . (id45)
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich and a blt is a variation of the same dish . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in france . (id47)
baked alaska is a food found in france , where manuel valls is a leader . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in united states . (id49)
fruit preserves is an ingredient of a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a food found in indonesia . (id51)
celery , part of the rutaceae family , is one of the ingredients in the dish bakso . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes is a food found in france , where claude bartolone is a leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a food found in indonesia . (id55)
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as one of its ingredients . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a food found in singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader . (id58)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the phillippines . (id59)
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indian people . (id60)
bhajji is a food found in india , where t . s . thakur is a leader . (id61)
binignit is a food found in philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
banana are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the phillippines . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , coconut milk and sago . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is a leader . (id65)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region . (id66)
bionico and cake are both served as a dessert . (id67)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where bakso is a popular dish . (id68)
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in lazio and also found in italy . (id70)
arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . its main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and sweet potato . (id71)
arrabbiata sauce has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the solanaceae family and in the division of flowering plants . (id72)
olive oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in rome and also found in italy . (id73)
tomato is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in rome and italy . (id74)
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria . (id76)
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . (id77)
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . lettuce is one of the ingredients of the dishvariation and it is made with lettuce . (id78)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and john roberts is a leader . (id80)
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt , which is itself a variation on a club sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in new york , in france . (id82)
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and manuel valls is the leader . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in new york , in united states . (id84)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a dessert . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region that contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . (id86)
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region and a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . (id87)
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is a food found in indonesia and originates from the paisa region . (id88)
avocado is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in paisa region , colombian cuisine . (id89)
hogao is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in paisa region and also found in colombian cuisine . (id90)
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls . (id91)
batchoy is a food found in philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id92)
batchoy is a food found in philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and also found in indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji is a food found in india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee . (id97)
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too . (id98)
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too . (id99)
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of solanales ) and coconut milk . (id101)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as the dessert course in the mexico . (id102)
raisin is an ingredient of bionico which is a food found in guadalajara , in mexico . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . (id104)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce , from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the igorot people . (id106)
tony tan is the leader of singapore , where english language is spoken and where beef kway teow is a traditional dish . (id107)
tomato is part of the solanaceae family and a member of the solanales order . it is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is a dish from the region of lazio , italy . the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce . rome is the capital of italy and the country ' s leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id110)
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef and is served with sambal . (id111)
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of the dish are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice . (id112)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where parliament of catalonia is a leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group from spain and arros negre is eaten there . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia where the batak are an ethnic group . malaysia is also home to the malay people and asam pedas is eaten there . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malays ( ethnic group ) and minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra and asam pedas is eaten there . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of the us and bacon explosion is eaten there . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of the us and bacon explosion is eaten there . (id117)
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom where it is often served with brown sauce . variations include the blt ( also known as a bacon sandwich ) and club sandwich . (id118)
bacon sandwich ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the country of united kingdom . the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are gram flour and vegetables and it is served with sambal . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . (id120)
baked alaska originates from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states . its main ingredients include tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and garlic . (id121)
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . (id122)
baked alaska originates from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and ice cream . (id123)
fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the latter dish comes from the derbyshire dales region which is part of the community of madrid . (id124)
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id125)
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is from the region of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . (id126)
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of columbia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean . (id127)
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine . its main ingredients include tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and garlic . (id128)
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id129)
batagor , a variation of the siomay dish , is found in the country of indonesia . shumai , which contains shiitake mushrooms , is one of the variations of the dish . (id130)
batchoy originates from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id131)
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines and contains bacon and sausage among it ' s ingredients . (id132)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia and is available nationwide both there and in malaysia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and the language spoken there is english . (id134)
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of the indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and sesame oil . (id135)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , is a food found in the karnataka region of india . vegetable is one of its ingredients . (id136)
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and is made with vegetables or minced meat . (id137)
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato ( part of the order of solanales flowering plants and a flowering plant ) . (id138)
binignit originates from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients of binignit are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and sago . (id139)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola as an ingredient . (id140)
bionico originates from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef and is served with sambal . (id141)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert . (id142)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , a country where bakso is a traditional dish from the paisa region . tapioca is one of the ingredients used to make bakso . (id143)
the baduy are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from singapore , where tony tan is a leader . (id144)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the ilocano and zamboangans people . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and ethnic groups include the zamboangans and the igorot people . (id146)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where spanish is spoken . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . (id147)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where spanish is spoken . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . (id148)
arem - arem is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s currency is the indonesian rupiah , the language spoken is indonesian and the leader is jusuf kalla . (id149)
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , the country where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there , as is malaysian malay . (id150)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indians . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indians . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , the country where abu zahar ujang is the leader . malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups there and malaysian indians are also an ethnic group . (id153)
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of the united states and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and the language spoken is italian . (id155)
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt . its main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . other names for the bacon sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon barm , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffins . (id156)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , the country where french is the spoken language . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france . (id157)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon , which is a member of the rosids order , part of the rutaceae family . (id158)
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and the language spoken is french . (id159)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . batagor is a variation of the siomay dish , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai is a variant of that dish . (id160)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . batagor is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes , the latter of which contains shiitake mushrooms . (id161)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay and shumai ( which contains peanut sauce ) are variations of the same dish . (id162)
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indians and the leader is t . s . thakur . bhajji is from the karnataka region , where vajubhai vala is a leader . (id164)
sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur are leaders in india , a country where the people are known as indians . bhajji is a food found in the karnataka region of india . (id165)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id166)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where they speak spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto . honey can also be served as a dessert and honey can be added to it . (id167)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico , a country led by silvano aureoles conejo . honey can be added to bionico , which is also a dessert . (id168)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards and it is led by king felipe vi . (id169)
italian is the language spoken in italy where matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders and rome is the capital city . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . (id170)
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders of italy , the country where italians are from , rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . (id171)
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders of italy , the country where rome is the capital , italian is the language spoken and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . (id172)
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and fried chicken is a main ingredient in ayam penyet . (id173)
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from singapore , where tony tan is a leader and english is spoken . (id174)
the chinese filipino and the zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken and batchoy is eaten . (id175)
the spaniards are an ethnic group in spain which uses the spanish language and where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . (id176)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain ( led by susana diaz ) , where felipe vi is the leader . spaniards are the people who live in spain and ajoblanco is a traditional dish . (id177)
