the purple heart is the award the a . t . charlie johnson won .
the battle of mine run is one of the battles that the politician , john cowpher powys , fought in .
the birth place of astronaut is stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub in office while vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it .
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
the active years of a . t . charlie johnson are acta palaeontol . pol , and the date of his retirement is april 1 , 2009 .
the birth place of astronaut is minna .
the birth place of astronaut is niger state .
the active years of a . t . charlie johnson are acta palaeontol . pol , and the date of his retirement is april 1 , 2009 .
the late a . t charlie johnson died in alexandria , virginia .
the birth place of astronaut is kent .
the residence of the us ambassador to norway is the gravesend .
adenan satem ' s almamater is university of adelaide .
the birth place of adolf scharf is mikulov .
the prime minister ' s office was in the office of the prime minister and that of the president is the president .
the office ( workedat , workedas ) is the office of the a . t . charlie johnson , who is the chief justice of the us .
the birth place of astronaut is hessisch oldendorf .
the birth place of agnes ward white is marietta , ohio .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
the military cross is the award the a . t . charlie johnson won .
the birth place of astronaut is knightsbridge , london .
the lieutenant colonel is the military rank of the country ' s leader .
the service of the aarhus lufthaven aiport began in 1935 .
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it .
agnes ward white is the spouse of a . t . charlie johnson , the politician .
the union army is a branch of the u . s . air force .
the nationality of astronaut is argentina .
the profession of the a . t . charlie johnson is that of a test pilot .
the late a . t charlie johnson died in austria .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the battle of chancellorsville is one of the battles that the politician , john cowpher powys , fought in .
the birth place of astronaut is darien , connecticut .
the office ( workedat , workedas ) is the office of the a . t . charlie johnson , who is the chief justice of the us .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
the united states army is a branch of the u . s . air force .
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is price daniel .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it .
the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
the austrian german is a language spoken in austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam .
the battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the name of the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was the commander of the u . s . air force in the invasion of panama .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was the dwight d . eisenhower .
the university of vienna is the alma mater of josef klaus .
juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor of the francisco franco .
juan peron party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the spanish - american war is one of the battles of the united states army .
william m . o . dawson ' s birth place is bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " dodge coronet " and they are in campeonato brasileiro serie c .
the engine of the sportation , is called the 230 ( cubic inches ) .
the christening date of ac chievo verona is " 2005 - 04 - 07 " and the club is in serie a .
the location of aida cruises is rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of the sportation , as well as the fc magdeburg .
the christening date of ac chievo verona is " 2013 - 03 - 16 " and the club is in serie a .
the completion date of the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is 2013 - 03 - 11 .
the maiden voyage of the a . f . c . fylde was in 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aida cruises is the operator of the sportation , as well as the fc magdeburg .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
the alternative name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " american motors matador " and they are in campeonato brasileiro serie c .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez .
the engine of the sportation , is called the straight - four engine .
the engine of the sportation , is called the honda k engine .
afc fylde has a ground with a capacity for a crowd of 140000 and is in the north west counties football league .
the relatedacura tlx is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
the transmission of the 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) is via the acura tlx .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is in the arese and plays in the serie c league .
the relatedalfa romeo 164 is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
the transmission of the 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) is via the alfa romeo 164 .
the samuda brothers were the builders of the alhambra .
the alhambra is served by a ship known as the 8 . 3 m .
the alhambra ' s status is " wrecked " .
the alhambra ' s top speed is 121 . 92m a . s . l .
the engine of the sportation , is called the straight - six engine .
the model of sportation began in 1937 and is based on the afc fylde .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a shipdraft of 4 . 6 m .
the final flight of a . s . livorno calcio is known as the " 2014 - 10 - 28 " .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
gabriela michetti is the name of the leader of argentina .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
the maiden flight of the airport , operated by aarhus lufthaven aiport authority , was in 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the body style of the a . f . c . fylde ' s is that of a convertible .
the a . f . c . fylde ' s manager is aston martin .
the aston martin is the manufacturer of the virage .
the final flight of a . s . livorno calcio is known as the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
the company audi was founded by august horch .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is in the audi brussels and plays in the serie c league .
the relatedaudi a1 is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
the location of caterpillar inc . is peoria , illinois .
thecosta crociere is located in genoa .
the desoto custom is related to the chrysler newport and is a type of transport .
the fiat croma is related to the alfa romeo 164 and is a type of transport .
the demonym of the inhabitants of germany is germans .
norbert lammert is the name of the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the name of the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of the french space centre are located in kourou , french guiana .
the honda k is an engine made by the company manufacurer .
the the star - spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
native americans in the united states are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is canada .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is brazil .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is diemen .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is netherlands .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is point fortin .
a . f . c fylde ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
al - khor sports club is in the qatar stars league league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the position of the chief justice of the uk .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is baghdad .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth date of astronaut is 1995 - 09 - 02 .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the height of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is 28 . 0 metres .
as gubbio 1910 are in the national hockey league league .
the birth date of astronaut is 1989 - 02 - 24 .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is batumi .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the youth club for aek athens fc is olympiacos f . c .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is manitoba .
as gubbio 1910 are in the turkish basketball super league league .
the atlanta falcons are based in the city of atlanta .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in the country of hungary .
the english language is one of the languages spoken in canada .
the slavey language is one of the languages spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets is located in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language spoken in finland is the finnish language .
italy ' s national under - 16 football team is managed by daniele zoratto .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . ( amateurs ) is managed by zvi sherf and is in the serie c league .
afc fir park ground is in fir park and their home ground is the fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
the rams are based in the city of st . louis , in the state of california .
thetennessee titans is located in the city of nashville , tennessee .
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron deer are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is avant - garde metal .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is progressive metal .
the background of astronaut is that he was born in the united states .
the birth date of astronaut is 1978 - 11 - 12 .
the birth place of astronaut is poland .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is hip hop music .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is guarania ( music ) .
the birth place of astronaut is istanbul , turkey .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rock music .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalbennie jones are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the background of astronaut is that he was born in the united states .
the birth place of astronaut is yugoslavia .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is soul music .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is synthpop .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalfredo zitarrosa are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the birth place of astronaut is montevideo .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , died in st louis .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is jazz .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is one of the instruments used by thealison o ' donnell .
the birth date of astronaut is 1981 - 02 - 04 .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is pop music .
the location of alligator records is chicago .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues .
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the birth place of astronaut is chisinau , moldova .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
asuncion is part of the state of parana .
the guitar is one of the instruments used by the musician , christian burns .
hip hop is a genre of music which is similar to gangsta rap .
funk are the origins of the style of music known as hip hop .
new wave music are the origins of the genre of indie rock .
manchester is part of the cuyahoga county in ohio .
the location of aktieselkab organisation is london .
the sony music entertainment is the distributing company of therca records .
the origins of rock and roll are from the blues style .
pop music is the stylistic origin of synthpop .
the demonym of natives of the united kingdom is british people .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 1 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the discoverer of the ( 29075 ) 1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
the absolutemagnitude of the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is an apoapsis of the 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is an apoapsis of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 piazzia ' s escapevelocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the former name of the 1001 gaussia was the 1923 oaa907 xc .
the 1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 78 . 0 celsius .
the 101 helena is an apoapsis of the 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of the 101 helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the mass of the 101 helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the average speed of the 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the absolutemagnitude of the 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
the mass of the 103 hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
the absolutemagnitude of the 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is a . storrs .
the former name of the 1089 tama was the a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the 1089 tama ' s orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes .
the average speed of the 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the epoch of the 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the 1097 vicia is in the rotation of 95040 . 0 .
the discoverer of the 109 felicitas is christian heinrich friedrich peters .
the periapsis of the 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of the 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the periapsis of the 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the epoch of the 110 lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of the 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 .
the birth place of a . r . pogson is nottingham .
the purple heart is for the purple heart , which the politician , john clancy , won for battles in the battle of fredericksburg .
the battle of gettysburg is one of the battles of a t charlie johnson , who has won the purple heart .
stephen yong kuet tze was a deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub , who is the successor of aarhus lufthavener .
kingdom of sarawak is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , who was born in the uk .
technical institute , kaduna is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in minna .
niger state is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the al - amin daggash who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
the conservative party usa ' s john clancy was the leader of the party and retired on july 1st , 2009 , and his successor was the olusegun obasanjo .
the vice president of the us was abdulsalami abubakar , who was followed by olusegun obasanjo in the same position .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
the usaf , which fought in the korean war , operates the united states army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the airport .
magdalene college , cambridge is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in kent .
kent is the birthplace of astronaut , who lives in the u . s .
the world war i is one of the battles of a t charlie johnson , who has won the virtuti militari .
athens is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
born in athens , greece , a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is a greek politician .
greece is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the military cross is an award for the united states navy , which has a unit called the royal artillery , and the politician , who is part of it , has won it .
the battle of france is one of the battles of the career of aethelwald , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and present .
hugo sperrle was the commander of the battle of france which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
knightsbridge is the birthplace of aethelwald , who fought in the world war ii .
franklin d . roosevelt was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
alan shephard was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
1856 - 09 - 22 is the birth date of a t charlie johnson , who is a test pilot and is in the politician .
alan shephard was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
in new mexico territory , aethelwald died . he served as vice president of the united states .
new york city is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , a member of the republican party ( united states ) , who was born in the uk .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the isaac rojas who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
peter stoger was born in austria - hungary , austria .
peter stoger was born in austria , in the state of tyrol , in switzerland .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the james w . reid ( politician ) who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is daniel gould fowle , who graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 .
connecticut is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the usaf , which fought in the american civil war , operates the united states army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the airport .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
lufkin , texas is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the ben ramsey who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
1793 - 10 - 23 is the birth date of a t charlie johnson who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician .
the currency of netherlands is the euro and the country is home to the baku turkish lira .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands , a country where the name of the leader is klaus johannis .
parkersburg , west virginia is located in the united states and is the place where astronaut died .
ac cesena , who was born in saskatchewan , is in the wichita thunder club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by jorge orosman da silva and is in the penarol club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is affiliated with the u . s . citta di palermo club and is also part of the penarol club .
the netherlands national under - 17 football team are managed by adam maher , who is in the az alkmaar club .
ac lumezzane is in the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for psv eindhoven .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez , who is in the al shorta sc club and plays for steel azin f . c .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by thomas doll and is in the ferencvarosi tc club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is the club of akeem adams , who plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
as livorno calcio , formerly of the new england patriots , was selected by the sportsteam in the 39 draft .
as livorno calcio , formerly of the tennessee titans , was selected by the sportsteam in the 39 draft .
alan shephard was born on january 20 , 1930 and his birth year is 1987 .
associazione calcio chievo verona is affiliated with the connecticut huskies and also plays for sheikh russel kc .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . f . c . is in that club and they play at the rops .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they are in the al - khor sports club club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by amar osim and is in the al kharaitiyat sc club .
the hamilton academical f . c . is the club of alan martin ( footballer ) , who is part of the leeds united f . c . club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they are in the hamilton academical f . c . club .
ac chievo verona is the club of athleet , who was born on july 23 , 1927 .
ac cesena , who was born in tampere , finland , is in the florida panthers club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by valery petrakov and is in the fc torpedo moscow club .
fc spartak moscow is the club of as gubbio 1910 , which in turn is a club of fc kuban krasnodar .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . f . c is in the russian football national league league and is the club of a . c . cesana .
fc karpaty lviv is the club of aleksandre guruli , who is part of the fc dinamo batumi club .
alan shephard was born in manitoba on october 17th , 1933 .
ac chievo verona is the club of athleet , who was born on july 23 , 1927 .
ac chievo verona play in the turkish basketball super league league and are in the maccabi tel aviv b . c . club .
conservative party of canada was born in brandon , manitoba , the same place alex plante was born .
canada ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane and adam mcquaid was born in the city .
canada , where the english language is spoken , is the birthplace of adam mcquaid .
levan khomeriki manages the fc dinamo batumi club and plays for torino f . c .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and their ground is in otkrytiye arena .
ac chievo verona play in the veikkausliiga league and are part of the rops club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and their ground is in palo seco velodrome .
the guitar is an instrument used in the genre of psychedelia , and the comic book character , the ram rebellion was written in this genre .
the origin of the aids journal is from the united states , where one of its authors is a t charlie johnson .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner are both an associated band and the genre of electroacoustic music , with the former being more specifically a rock band .
the singing is an instrument in the band arion , which is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab and magik ( rapper ) are both associated with the band arrabbiata - te , romane .
born on march 15 , 1932 in katowice , astronaut was born in the same city .
born in katowice , poland , abradab is a polish national .
disco is the origin of the genre of hip hop music , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the solo singer is the origin of the solo singer and is the back ground of the record , the ram rebellion , which is available in hardcover .
born in paraguay , astronaut ' s birth place , has the record label " philips records " .
the comic book genre , rock music , is similar to the music genre , musicfusionrock music , and that is where a severed wasp originates from .
country music is the origin of the genre of rock music , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
blues is the origin of the genre of jazz , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer .
blues is the origin of the genre of rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , and was published in 1990 .
new wave music is the origin of the genre of synthpop , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
born in england in 1932 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is a native of the u . s .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the character , arion , who has a background in solo singer .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the character , arion , who has a background in solo singer .
alan shephard was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alan shephard was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is the associated band of plastik mak and igorot and their associated band is called arrabbiata .
the album " folk rock " is from the genre of folk rock , and is available in hardcover .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of jazz , and the comic book character , the ram rebellion was written in this genre .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer .
musicsubalternative rock is a sub genre of alternative rock which in turn is a genre of music that andrew white ( musician ) is a part of .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is a band associated with phil lesh and friends and the anders osborne are also associated with it .
the album " rhythm and blues " is from the genre of rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover .
the album " rhythm and blues " is from the genre of rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , and was published in 2000 .
blues is the origin of the genre of rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of christian burns and also of andrew rayel .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a band associated with jonathan mendelsohn and steve t . seagle and they are both musicians in their own right .
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the band arros negre and are also the names for the band of the same name .
new wave music is the origin of the genre of alternative rock , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the instrument of the country music is the banjo , and the genre of the comic book is country music .
the location of the aids journal is london and its title is the " aids journal " .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is found in california .
the apoapsis of the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) , and it has a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the discoverer of the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is spacewatch and it has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was born in the 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the epoch of the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes , is the 2004 - 07 - 14 .
the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 ( epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ) , which is 88 . 0 minutes long , has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
the discoverer of the 101 helena is james craig watson , who died in peritonitis .
the average speed of the 1036 ganymed , which has the apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed is walter baade , who was born in german empire .
the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed is walter baade , who is from the germany .
the discoverer of the 103 hera is james craig watson , who died in peritonitis .
the discoverer of the 103 hera is james craig watson , who is from the canada .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
the 1089 tama , formerly called the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , was established on july 1st , 1907 and is in the 2005 - 11 - 26 epoch .
the temperature of the 1089 tama , which has the apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the 1097 vicia is of the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and is periapsis 279142000000 . 0 .
the apoapsis of the 109 felicitas , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the 109 felicitas is of the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and is periapsis 283326000000 . 0 .
the 109 felicitas , which has a rotation of 47487 . 6 , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lifespan of 100 , 305 minutes .
the apoapsis of the 10 hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the 10 hygiea , formerly known as the a900 ga , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the 110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , was created in the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the epoch of the 110 lydia , which has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes , is the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is part of the ship class , the cruise ship .
the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises , located in germany , is the operator of the sportation .
aida cruises , located in rostock , is the operator of the sportation .
the length of the a . s . livorno calcio is 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , it has a top speed of 40 . 744 and a length of 1 , 873 .
the length of the aidastella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was inaugurated on the 15th of march , 1932 .
the montreal locomotive works were the builders of the ac chievo verona , a club that has the power type of " diesel - electric transmission " .
the diameter of the alv x - 1 is 1 . 524 ( metres ) and it has three stages , the 2 , the ataturk monument , izmir and izmir .
the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) is made up of kenosha , wisconsin and was built in 1974 .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner are both employees of chrysler and are the designers of the sportation .
the length of the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4 , 100 , it is located in madrid , argentina .
the relatedalfa romeo 164 , which is related to the relatedmean oftransportation , has an assembly known as the milan .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense calcio chievo verona is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is related to the relatedalfa romeo 164 .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense calcio chievo verona is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is related to the relatedalfa romeo 164 .
alvis car and engineering company , located in coventry , is the manufacturer of the sportation as well as the alvis speed 25 .
the single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission of the alvis speed 25 which has an engine called the 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
the single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission of the alvis speed 25 which has an engine called the straight - six engine .
american motors is a predecessor of the eagle ( automobile ) and is the manufacturer of the sportation .
the maiden flight of the airport , operated by the us air force , was on 2014 - 01 - 09 and the airport ' s website is called " mid - atlantic regional spaceport " .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina , where the sportation club is located .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 , which was inaugurated at the ela - 3 .
airbus defence and space , whose parent company is airbus group , is the manufacturer of the sportation .
the relatedaston martin v8 , which is related to the relatedmean oftransportation , has an assembly known as the united kingdom .
the aston martin virage is the successor of the aston martin v8 , which was made by the manufacurer .
the relatedaston martin v8 , a predecessor of the aston martin virage , was related to the relatedmean oftransportation and is now known as the fc magdeburg .
the successor of the sportation is the aston martin , which is the manufacturer of the virage , which in turn is a successor to the aston martin v8 .
the final flight of the atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
lockheed martin is the manufacturer of the atlas ii , which was inaugurated at the cape canaveral air force station .
the manufacturer of the sportation is the audi which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the flowering plants .
the manufacturer of the sportation is the audi , a subsidiary of which is the ducati .
the manufacturer of the sportation is the audi , a subsidiary of which is the quattro gmbh .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis as well as a member of the portugal national football team .
the delta ii , a competitor to the sportation , was founded on the vandenberg air force base and has a website .
juha sipila is the leader of finland , which is where the sportation club is located , and where the ac lumezzane ground is located .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , which is the builder of the sportation .
rolls - royce holdings own the ac lumezzane , which is the power type of the rolls - royce holdings owned ac chievo verona .
associazione calcio chievo verona is led by elizabeth ii and is in the united kingdom .
born in maine , john maddin was awarded the purple heart by the united states navy and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
the erasmus university rotterdam is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in netherlands and is a member of the christian democratic appeal .
born in kingdom of sarawak , british politician , john clancy is the successor of john reith 1st baron reith and has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy .
born in kingdom of sarawak , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , a . t . charlie johnson now lives in the u . s .
born in niger state , a t charlie johnson graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he has worked at the office ( workedat , worked as a test pilot ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the nigerian air force is a branch of the u . s . air force and the usaf ' s successor was the then vice president olusegun obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot .
the nigerian army is a branch of the u . s . air force and the usaf ' s successor was the then vice president olusegun obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot .
born in ponteareas , in galicia ( spain ) , and working for the office ( workedat , workedas ) , a . t . charlie johnson now has an office in office .
born in galicia ( spain ) , spain , enrique pena nieto is part of the spanish socialist workers ' party party and is from the andalusian region .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii , which was a battle involving the us air force , which has the united states army as one of its branches of service .
born in ridgewood , queens , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , a . t . charlie johnson now has an office at the office ( workedat , workedas ) in office .
george h . w . bush was the commander of the gulf war , which was a battle involving the u . s . a . f . c . , and the grenadier guards is a branch of that service .
born in faversham , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
the commander of the polish - soviet war was leon trotsky and one of the key battles of which was the invasion of panama , where congress poland is the birthplace of astronaut .
the polish - soviet war is part of the russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky . the us air force fought in the korean war .
born in athens , in greece , a . t . charlie johnson has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is now based in the u . s .
born in athens , in greece , a . t . charlie johnson has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is now based in the u . s .
the colours of the new democracy ( greece ) are blue , white and orange and the party is represented by the conservative party ( uk ) . the prime minister is a member of the party and he was in office while the prime minister was prime minister .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where the us national assembly is the house of representatives and where the office of the us ambassador to norway is located . the ambassador is called a t charlie johnson who has previously worked for the us navy .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where a . t . charlie johnson , a us national , is part of the socialist party .
a t charlie johnson was born in west germany and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 . he has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the world war ii is one of the battles fought by the british politician , john reith 1st baron reith , who was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and april 1st , 2009 .
the world war ii is one of the battles fought by the british politician , john reith 1st baron reith , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 .
alan shephard was born on july 23 , 1927 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 , 1941 .
agnes ward white , who was born in marietta , ohio , is the spouse of the previous leader of the bbc , john reith 1st baron reith , whose successor was william m . o . dawson .
alan shephard was born in staten island and died in united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york city , and died in new mexico territory .
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york and died in united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires , where the governing body is the city legislature and where a . t . charlie johnson , who was once a politician , died .
born in mendoza , argentina , isaac rojas was a test pilot and later became a politician .
peter stoger was born in austria , county of tyrol , and died in graz .
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives , where the previous member of the house of reps was alfred n . phillips , who was born in the city and served as a worked at , worked as a test pilot . his successor was albert e . austin .
born in darien , connecticut , albert e . austin is the successor of a t charlie johnson , who worked for the office ( workedat , worked as ) and was a member of the united states navy .
the democratic labour party ( usa ) is the lead party of the uk labour party and the previous leader of the party was the conservative party ( uk ) . the labour politician , john clancy was the head of the office ( workedat , workedas ) of the labour party .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont and the country is the location of the vermont region where the politician , john clancy , served as a test pilot and retired on 1st june , 2009 .
henry clay is the leader of the peoples party ( peoples party ) , the party of which 1793 - 10 - 23 born politician , a . t . charlie johnson is a member .
daniel webster is a leader of the whig party ( united states ) , the party of georgia , vermont born politician , john clancy , who is also a part of the party .
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and one of the key battles was the invasion of panama , where the british politician , john maddin , was born in united states .
jefferson davis commanded the american civil war which was part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where county of tyrol born politician john maddin died .
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where tyrol ( state ) born politician john maddin died .
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where the politician a . t . charlie johnson died in styria .
battle of salem church is part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee . the usaf bombed libya in 1986 .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where stellendam is the birthplace of astronaut who is a us national .
the kashubians are an ethnic group in the poland where the polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african american . one of the national languages of the us is english and the president is a us national .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) and is found in california .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and was found by spacewatch , has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which is the apoapsis of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) , has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and a maximum of maximummtemperature .
the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has a density of 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) . it has an average speed of 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) and a population density of 1421 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
the 1000 piazzia ( epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 ) , with a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
the 1001 gaussia , formerly known as the 1923 oaa907 xc , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
the 101 helena , which has a mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) , has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed is walter baade , a germany national who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and whose alma mater is afit .
the 103 hera , which was found in madison , wisconsin in the 2011 - 08 - 27 , was found by james craig watson , who died in st louis .
the discoverer of the 103 hera , edwin e . aldrin jr . died in madison , wisconsin , peritonitis .
the 103 hera ( apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 , with an orbital period of 1622 . 213 ( days ) , is in apoapsis .
the 103 hera , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and is a us national .
the 1089 tama , formerly known as the a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
the 1089 tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) , periapsis 288749000000 . 0 , and apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) are the same body .
the 1097 vicia , formerly known as the 1928 pc , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the 109 felicitas ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , which has a mass of 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) , has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
the 109 felicitas ( apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , with an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , is in apoapsis .
the 10 hygiea ' s apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and it has a period of 5 . 57 ( days ) . its average speed is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) and it is 88 meters above sea level .
the 10 hygiea , which has a surface area of 140000 . 0 square metres , has an average speed of 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the surface area of the 10 hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , is 1 . 8 square kilometres .
the 110 lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
the 110 lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , periapsis 377016000000 . 0 , and apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) are the same body .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram , who are in the genre of pop music , are the associated band for the kids imagine nation and also for the film big hero 6 .
indiana is the origin of the book , the ram rebellion , which is the genre of indie rock , from which , a severed wasp is a sequel .
originating from the united states , the novel the ram rebellion , a fantasy novel , was written by virginia demarce short stories in the grantville gazette .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of black metal and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of drone music and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of ambient music and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner .
the electric guitar is an instrument in the band arrabbiata which is in the genre of musicfusionblack metal , a type of jazz .
the singing is an instrument in the band arrabbiata which is in the genre of musicfusionblack metal , a type of jazz .
born on january 20 , 1930 , magik ( rapper ) and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie are both associated with the band associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab , a member of which is magik .
associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab are both associated with magik ( rapper ) and the band arion . arion was born in katowice and magik is his alter ego .
disco and funk are both styles of the same genre , hip hop music , which is where the comic book character arion comes from .
juan afara is one of the leaders of paraguay which is the location of the birth place of astronaut , who was born in asuncion .
associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) are both an associated band and the genre of rock music music . the singing is an instrument used by the associatedband .
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a music genre that has the country music as its stylistic origin and is based on the musicfusionrock music .
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a music genre that has the blues as its stylistic origin and is based on the musicfusionjazz .
errata , mississippi is the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who wrote the book rhythm and blues .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is a genre of pop music and is associated with the band bebi dol and the musicians of the associatedband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is a genre of pop music and is associated with the band bebi dol and the musicians of the associatedband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and the genre of rhythm and blues .
disco is the stylistic origin of synthpop ( also known as pop ) , a genre of music which was originated by the comic book writer , roger mckenzie .
alan shephard was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
born in england in the united kingdom , american , astronaut died in london .
alan shephard was born in manchester , united kingdom and died in london .
labour party ( uk ) is one of the leaders of manchester which is the birthplace of astronaut who died in sidcup .
boris johnson is one of the leaders of london which is the location of the death of astronaut who died in sidcup .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is a genre of folk music of ireland and is associated with flibbertigibbet and the associationband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is a genre of folk music band and associated with mellow candle and the associatedband .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , where the genre is jazz .
the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , is fantasy literature and the albums that come under it are fantasy literature such as the ram rebellion which has the title of the book it is from .
born in dothan , alabama , in the genre of pop music , the comic book writer , a severed wasp , has a background in solo singer .
dothan , alabama is the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who has rhythm and blues for a genre , and whose background is solo singer .
new wave music is the style of music that comes from the alternative rock genre , which itself is a variation of the musicfusion genre .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is associated with billy iuso and tab benoit as well as with the club arrabbiata .
the genre of musicfusionrock music , a type of music , is rock music which in turn is a genre of music that can be found in the film genre , with the film big hero 6 being one of the examples of this . the record , by that name , is available in hardcover .
puya ( singer ) and associatedband / associatedmusicalandra ( singer ) ( genre dance - pop ) are both associated with the genre of dance - pop .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandra ( singer ) is a band associated with andreea balan and igor stoger , and is considered to be in the genre of rhythm and blues .
the comic book character arion , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a prequel to the novel the galileo affair which was written by eric flint and virginia demarce .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a genre of trance music and is associated with both christian burns and robert a heinlein as well as with the band the ram rebellion .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a genre of trance music and the associated band of jonathan mendelsohn and steve t . seagle is also a member of the band .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel ( also known as jwaydan moyine ) is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of the genre house music with the genre of house music - based music .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) is a band associated with marry banilow and marrybanilow , and also with robert a m stern , who is a member of the band arion . the band ' s albums are available in hardcover , with the name of their associated band being associatedband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram is an associated band of the ska punk genre , which is of the ska style and is also of the genre genre .
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is the birthplace of mississippi native albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi .
the dodge coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 dodge which has the 3 - speed automatic as its transmission and the v8 engine as its engine .
the a - rosa luna , which has a length of 3500 metres , is a member of the cruise ship , a class of ships that were awarded to the united states navy after the invasion of panama .
the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and has a height of 42 metres . it has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 3500 metres .
costa crociere owns the aidastella which is operated by aida cruises , which is located in germany and owned by costa crociere .
the length of the aidastella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is in service with the flemish department of mobility and public works . it was inaugurated on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) metres and an engine called the four - stroke engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) metres and an engine called the v12 engine .
the american locomotive company , which was founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of the ac lumezzane , which has a length of 2744 . 0 metres .
americans is the demonym for the people of the country , where the african americans are an ethnic group , and where the sportation is located . the country is the origin of thealv x - 1 .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the country is the origin of the club associazione calcio chievo verona .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has a total of 1 launchers and has a length of 2 .
the coupe is the body style of the a . d . isidro metapan which has the engine of the asociacion deportiva and was produced in 1958 .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s body style is two door coupe , it has a height of 42 metres and a length of 1 , 873 metres , it ' s wheelbase is 1 , 773 metres and its length is 4 , 349 metres .
helsinki and arctech helsinki shipyard are the builders of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has the ship " 21 . 2 " and is based in the country .
rome is the capital of the italy which is the assembly of the alfa romeo 164 . it is the location of the a . s . gubbio airport and is a popular tourist destination in the uk .
rome is the capital of the italy which is the assembly of the alfa romeo 164 . it is the location of the a . s . gubbio airport and is a popular tourist destination in the uk .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense is related to the fiat croma and the relatedalfa romeo 164 , both of which are in the assembly of the arese .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense is related to the fiat croma and the relatedalfa romeo 164 , both of which are in the assembly of the milan .
the alhambra , which is the length of a boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and has a length of 140000 . 0 metres , was inaugurated on january 20th , 1930 .
the alhambra , now retired , was a boeing c - 17 globemaster iii which was operated by the us navy and was launched on july 27th , 1986 .
alvis car and engineering company ( founded in coventry ) is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 , which has the petrol as it ' s engine .
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at the american motors which is the manufacturer of the amc matador and died in eagle ( automobile ) .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) , which is a competitor to the delta ii , which has its origins in the united states .
the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is made by yuzhnoye design office and is a member of the association of public and land grant universities . it was established at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and has the function of a medium expendable launch system .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which was inaugurated at the ataturk monument in izmir , location , on july 27th , 1998 .
the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to the aston martin v8 ) , with its assembly of newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom , has the engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) and is a related to the relatedmean oftran sportation .
the relatedaston martin v8 , which is related to the airport , has an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) and an assembly of united kingdom .
the us air force ' s atlas ii , which is located at the vandenberg air force base and is named for its country of origin , was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the country is the origin of the sportation .
united states is the country of origin of the atlas ii which has its headquarters at the cape canaveral air force station and its launch site at the al asad airbase .
the hatchback is the body style of the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has an engine called the 1 . 2 ( litres ) and an assembly of audi brussels .
audi is the manufacturer of the audi a1 , which is related to the seat ibiza and relatedmeanoftcurer as well as other types of transport such as bicycles .
california is the location of the headquarters of the association of public and land grant universities which is the power type of the a . f . c . fylde .
located in illinois , the us is the airport , the home of the aek illinois fc who are owned by the aida cruises . the football club ' s power type is called the " caterpillar inc . " .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is the owner of the aidastella , operated by aida cruises and owned by the f . c . fylde .
the us is the origin of the delta ii , the predecessor of which is the sportation , which was inaugurated on july 1st , 1986 and is the comparable to the antares ( rocket ) .
the headquarters of sportation are located at french guiana , and the club ' s website is called " ela - 3 " , which is a variation of the guiana space centre .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , kourou , french guiana and is the home of the ataturk monument . the sportation club was founded at the same location in kourou , french guiana .
building is located in rostock in the country and was built by the us national football league team .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the sportation and is the origin of the ethnic group of indians .
ac chievo verona ' s youth club is youthsv werder bremen and he plays for both vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen .
dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg and also plays for the club sv werder bremen ii , as well as for sv germania schoneiche .
ac chievo verona are the youth club of abel hernandez who is part of the hull city a . f . c . club and plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
associazione calcio chievoverona is the youth club of abel hernandez , who are in the penarol club and play for u . s . citta di palermo .
ac cesena was born in netherlands and is a member of the az alkmaar club as well as the psv eindhoven club .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is in the w connection f . c . club and is affiliated with the united petrotrin f . c . club which has its ground in palo seco .
the former team of as gubbio 1910 ( now known as a . s . livorno calcio ) , was the los angeles rams and they were selected in the 2 draft with a pick of d raftpick .
the former team of as gubbio 1910 ( now known as a . s . livorno calcio ) , was the st . louis rams and they were selected in the 2 draft with a pick of d raftpick .
as gubbio was born in atlanta , georgia on the 15th of march 1932 and made his debut for the atlanta falcons on the 16th of october , 1983 .
the national under - 20 football team of iraq based alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in the city , plays for shabab al - ordon club and is part of the club birthplace fc .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is the al khor and they are in the shabab al - ordon club club . they also have a club in al kharaitiyat sc .
born on the 17th of october , 1933 , alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . club and plays for clyde f . c . .
associazione calcio chievo verona is located in accrington and their ground is the olympic stadium , they are affiliated with the accrington stanley f . c . club and play at the motherwell f . c .
born in tampere , finland on the 15th of march 1932 , athleet is in the florida panthers club and has played for chelsea f . c .
born on the 15th of march 1932 in tampere , finland , athleet was selected by the florida panthers in the 1 . fc koln draft .
alan shephard was born in soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
born on 1989 - 02 - 24 , athleet is in the fc alania vladikavkaz club , plays for fc kuban krasnodar and is attached to the club fc alania vladikavkaz .
born on the 15th of march 1932 , aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc tom tomsk club , plays for the russia national football b team and is affiliated with the russia national football team .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is in parc olympique lyonnais and the club is affiliated with the olympique lyonnais club and also plays for the azal pfk club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is in parc olympique lyonnais and the club is affiliated with the olympique lyonnais club and also plays for the us lesquin club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is part of the club a . c . milan who are in the italy national under - 16 football team club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is part of the club a . c . milan who are in the u . c . sampdoria club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is the club of alessio romagnoli , who plays for the italy national under - 16 football team and is the coach of the team .
the national under - 17 football team of italy based athleader , who was born in the city , play for the club u . c . sampdoria , at the stockport county f . c .
ac cesena was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 28 . 0 metres and is part of the anyang halla club .
born in canada , athleet is a member of the portugal national football team and has a height of 28 metres .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . s . d . is in the euroleague league , it ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez and it plays at the maccabi ashdod b . c . club .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . s . d . is in the turkish basketball super league league , it ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez and it plays at the maccabi ashdod b . c . club .
the ground of fc tom tomsk , as well as the club fc spartak moscow , is located in otkrytiye arena , and both are affiliated with the fc spartak moscow club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and the club ' s youth club is youthfc anzhi makhachkala which is based in otkrytiye arena .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by valery petrakov and they played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season .
steve bruce manages the a . f . c . club of hull city as well as playing for the uruguay olympic football team and also representing the club uruguay olympic football team .
sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow , the birthplace of astronaut , who died in russia .
luis miguel ramis manages the real madrid castilla and plays for the brazil national under - 20 football team as well as real madrid castilla .
luis miguel ramis manages the real madrid castilla and plays for the c . d . fas club , as well as for real madrid cf .
francis g . slay is a leader in st . louis , which is part of the greater birthplace area , and where alex tyus was born .
as gubbio 1910 , formerly the new england patriots , is now known as the akeem ayers and made their debut for the club in nashville , tennessee on july 1st , 1907 .
the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team is managed by akeem adams , who is in the united petrotrin f . c . club , which has its ground in palo seco .
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii which is in the 3 . liga league and plays for sv werder bremen as well as fc magdeburg . aaron hunt is a member of the sv werder bremen ii club .
steve bruce is the manager of the hull city a . f . c . , the youth club of which abel hernandez ( youth club : youthhull city a . f . c . ) , plays for , and is attached to , the club penarol .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by jorge orosman da silva and is located in the central espanol club , while also playing for the u . s . citta di palermo youth club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by giuseppe iachini and is in the serie a league . their youth club is the youthu . s . citta di palermo and they play at the u . s . citta di palermo .
alan shephard was born in prince edward island on the 23rd of july , 1927 . he has a height of 121 . 92 metres and was born on the 20th of january , 1930 .
the columbus blue jackets , who are based in columbus , ohio , are the draft team for adam mcquaid who are in the boston bruins club . their manager is jorge humberto rodriguez and the general manager is don sweeney .
alan shephard was born on october 17th , 1933 and was a member of the st . louis rams . he then went on to join the tennessee titans and later the 1 fc magdeburg .
alan shephard was born in atlanta , georgia on the 23rd of july 1927 . he was a member of the houston texans and was born on the 15th of march 1932 .
as gubbio was born in atlanta , georgia on the 17th of october , 1933 . he played for the atlanta falcons and later for the houston texans .
amar osim manages the al kharaitiyat sc which has its ground in al khor . al - zawra ' a sc is a sc club and alaa abdul - zahra is also a player in the club .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is managed by amar osim and is in the al kharaitiyat sc club , which has its ground in al khor .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is managed by amar osim and is in the al kharaitiyat sc club , which has its ground in al khor .
born on the 17th of october , 1933 , athleet is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . club , as well as of the crewe alexandra f . c . club , and has a height of 28 . 0 metres .
born on the 15th of march 1932 , athleet is a member of the scotland national under - 21 football team . he is also a player in the crewe alexandra f . c . club , and has a height of 42 metres .
born on the 15th of march 1932 , athleet is a member of the fc dynamo moscow club and plays for fc kuban krasnodar . he has a height of 121 . 92 metres and is in fc dynamo moscow .
born on the 15th of march 1932 , athleet is a member of the fc spartak moscow club . he is also part of the fc rubin kazan club and has a height of 121 . 92 metres .
born in batumi , athleet is a member of the fc karpaty lviv club and is attached to the club fc zestafoni . he has a height of 42 metres and is in the fc zestafoni club .
born in canada on november 18th , 1923 , athleet is a member of the anyang halla club and was born on the 18th of november 1923 .
alan shephard was born in canada in 1932 and is a height of 1 . 9304 . he is in the anyang halla club and was a footballer for the chesterfield f . c .
elizabeth ii is a leader in canada where the inuktitut is spoken and the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane . aaron boogaard was born in the country which is home to the o canada .
the asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada which is lead by elizabeth ii . the national anthem of the country is the o canada and aaron boogaard was born in the country .
elizabeth ii is a leader in canada where the slavey language is spoken and the national anthem is the o canada . aaron boogaard was born in the country .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is managed by rashid rakhimov and their ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi in grozny . they are in the fc kuban krasnodar club and play at the fc terek grozny ground .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by valery petrakov and the chairman is aleksandr tukmanov . they played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season and are in the serie a league .
the texans city of houston , texas is served by the abilene regional airport . the team used to play for the st . vincent - st . mary high school , a former team for the akeem dent , who are now part of the texas national football league .
steve bruce manages the hull city a . f . c . which is in the uruguayan primera division league and plays for the youth club youthhull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez also play for the same club .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 and apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has a period of 8788850000 . 0 and is 88 meters above sea level .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 ( epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and has a period of 360 . 29 ( days ) .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and a mean temperature of 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is in the epoch of 2013 - 11 - 04 and has an orbital period of 360 . 29 ( days ) .
1000 piazzia ' s epoch is the 2015 - 06 - 27 , it ' s periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 , its orbital period is 488160 . 0 , and its escape velocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the 1001 gaussia , formerly called the 1923 oaa907 xc , was found by sergey belyavsky in the 2015 - 06 - 27 . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) and was named for its discoverer , ernie colon .
astronaut was born in german empire , graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and was a doctoral student of allan sandage . he was the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed .
astronaut was born in preussisch oldendorf and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 . he then went on to become a doctoral student at halton arp and became a member of the 1036 ganymed .
astronaut graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and went on to become a doctoral student at halton arp . he was the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed and died in west germany .
astronaut graduated from nwc , m . a . in 1957 , and died in madison , wisconsin on peritonitis . he was the discoverer of the 103 hera .
the 103 hera , found in madison , wisconsin , is an apoapsis of the 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was found by the american , james craig watson , who was born in the canada .
the discoverer of the 103 hera , edwin e . aldrin jr . is a us national who died in madison , wisconsin on peritonitis .
astronaut was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of the 107 camilla , which has the periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
astronaut was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of the 107 camilla , which was found in him .
the 1089 tama , formerly known as the a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has a periapsis of 1202 . 846 ( days ) with an orbital period of 100305 minutes .
the 1089 tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
the 1097 vicia , which has a mass of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) , is in the apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and belongs to the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 . it has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
109 felicitas ' s epoch is the 2006 - 12 - 31 , it ' s periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 , its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 , and its escape velocity is 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the 10 hygiea , formerly known as the a900 ga , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 and has a periapsis of 5 . 57 ( days ) with an orbital period of 100305 minutes .
the 1101 clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is in the apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the 1101 clematis , formerly known as the 1928 sj , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 183309000 . 0 with an orbital period of 100305 minutes .
the 1101 clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is in the 183309000 . 0 , with a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 dodge which has a wheelbase of 3800 . 0 metres and a 3 - speed automatic as its transmission . it also has an engine called the v8 engine and has a 3 , 992 . 0 horsepower .
the related1955 dodge is a type of transport which is related to the desoto custom ( also known as the desoto firedome ) and is made by desoto ( automobile ) .
the meyer werft is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , rostock , which is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere .
the meyer werft is the owner of the aidastella which is operated by aida cruises and owned by the college of william and mary . the stadium has a length of 28 metres and was built in buildder .
the american locomotive company built the a . d . isidro metapan ( amateurs ) in may 1950 - august 1956 . they have the power type of a diesel - electric transmission and use the v12 engine as their engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . it was built in may 1950 - august 1956 and has the v12 engine as its engine .
the building is located in united states and was founded in schenectady , new york . it is the home of the ac lumezzane , a football club which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the montreal locomotive works built the a . d . isidro metapan ( amateurs ) in may 1950 - august 1956 . they have the power type of a diesel - electric transmission and use the v12 engine as their engine .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 which has 12 cylinders and was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine is known as the " four - stroke engine " .
american motors matador is the alternative name for the amc matador which is made up of associazione calcio chievo verona s . p . a . and has the body style of station wagon . the engine is called the amc v8 engine and it is located in the mexico city .
the vam classic ( also known as the amc matador ) is an assembly of associazione calcio chievo verona . it is in the class of mid - size car , has the amc straight - 6 engine as its engine and is made of bronze .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s is in the class of mid - size car and is made up of marysville , ohio members . its layout is that of a " front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive " with an asphalt surface and its engine is called the " honda k engine " .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s is part of the class luxury vehicle and is a member of the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . it ' s assembly is in the marysville auto plant and its layout is front - engine design . its engine is called the v6 engine .
arctech helsinki shipyard and finland are the builders of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is now retired . the aircraft carrier , which has the ship beam " 21 . 2 " , was built in finland and is also home to the aircraft carrier " ashgabat " .
juha sipila is the leader of finland where the demonym of the inhabitants is finns . the country is the location of the home ground of as gubbio 1910 which is owned by helsinki .
helsinki and arctech helsinki shipyard are the builders of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which is now retired . the aircraft carriers are owned by the port authorities of helsinki and copenhagen and has a ship called the 21 . 2 as its shipbeam .
the al - taqaddum air base is the assembly of the alfa romeo 164 which is related to the relatedmeanoftcity and the saab 9000 . the airbase ' s engine is called the straight - four engine and the airbase is made of asphalt .
the fiat croma and the relatedalfa romeo 164 are related cars , the latter of which is a type of transport . the associazione sportiva arapiraquense , which is owned by the port authorities of san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , has an engine called the v6 engine and is made up of italy .
the alhambra , which is now retired , has a length of 140000 . 0 metres and a height of 3500 metres . it was inaugurated in 1855 - 05 - 31 and has a shipbeam of 2800 . 0 meters .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and its successor is the rover company . it is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 , which has the petrol as its engine .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and its successor is the rover company . it is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 , which has the straight - six engine as its engine .
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at the american motors which is the parent company of the amc matador and later the eagle ( automobile ) . the company is now retired and its fate is known as " chrysler " .
general dynamics electric boat were the builders of the american submarine nr - 1 which has a top speed of 8 . 334 . the aircraft carrier , which can be found in the greenlandic region , was built in general dynamics electric boat and has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long aircraft carrier called the 3 . 8 m and it was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) metres , a top speed of 8 . 334 and a shipbeam of 3 . 8 m , was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) which was inaugurated at the al asad airbase on the 15th of march , 1986 . the airbase ' s maiden flight was the 2013 - 04 - 21 and its final flight is the 2014 - 10 - 28 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) which was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on 10 / 03 / 1983 . the aircraft ' s maiden flight was the 2013 - 04 - 21 and its final flight was on 15th april 1986 .
london is the capital of the united kingdom which is home to the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis . the airport is owned by the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . and its successor is the aston martin which is the manufacturer of the virage .
the aston martin dbs is a related mean oftransportation to the relatedaston martin v8 , which is also a type of transport . the latter has an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) and an assembly called the associazione sportiva arapiraquense .
the aston martin is the manufacturer of the dbs , the predecessor of the aston martin v8 which has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as it ' s engine and is a related transport aircraft to the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
the us air force ' s atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and was born at the vandenberg air force base , with its final flight being the 2002 - 12 - 05 . the program ' s other launch sites are at the cape canaveral air force station and al asad airbase .
the audi a1 , which is in the class supermini and has the 1 . 2 ( litres ) as its engine , is made of asphalt and has a asphalt surface . it is constructed from asphalt and concrete and is known as a audi brussels .
audi , founded by august horch , is the manufacturer of the sportation . their division of business is the audi e - tron and they have a subsidiary called ducati .
california is the location of the caterpillar inc . which was founded in illinois and is owned by the college of william and mary . the ac lumezzane is a type of tennis player .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is the owner of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which is operated by aida cruises and built by meyer werft .
the us air force ' s antares ( rocket ) , which is similar to the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii ( which is also based in the u . s . ) , has its launch site at the cape canaveral air force station .
the united states is the origin of the delta ii which is a competitor to the sportation . it is located at both the vandenberg afb ( in california ) and the al - taqaddum air base ( in iraq ) .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense calcio chievo verona ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) has the body style of a sedan ( automobile ) and is made up of italy members . they are a type of transport similar to the opel vectra and the relatedalfa romeo 164 .
the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) is an assembly of milan with the body style of the sedan ( automobile ) . they are related to the opel vectra and the relatedalfa romeo 164 .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut , and the builder of the american submarine nr - 1 ( which has the ship " shipbeam " on its aircraft carriers ) .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany which is the country where the building is located in rostock and the sportation is located .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the origin of the sportation club and is home to the ethnic group of moro .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is home to the sportation . the country ' s capital city is washington , d . c . and its people are known as indians .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram is a band with brian robertson ( trombonist ) as its members and the genre of ska punk . they are affiliated with the kids imagine nation and are the associated band for the tv series big hero 6 .
author is a fictional character from the genre of psychedelia , originating from the city of indianapolis , in the united states , and having originated in the comics genre .
the instrument of the singing is the violin , and the genre of the band is electroacoustic music . they are associated with isis ( band ) and the associatedband / associationmusicalaaron turner , and play in the same genre of concerts .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , along with the band the twilight ( band ) , are the associated band of the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . they are part of the genre of post - metal and were active in 1995 .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner are both an associated band and a musician . the latter performs in the genre of black metal , where the electric guitar is used , and the former is a music genre of its own .
born in stockholm on november 18 , 1923 , on the 18th of november 1923 , astronaut ' s background is that he was born in the us , and was a test pilot .
born in sweden on november 18 , 1923 , on the 18th of november 1923 , astronaut ' s background is that he was born in the us , and was a test pilot .
songwriter , who was born in stockholm in 1930 and served as a test pilot , has a background in solo singer , having been born in the us in 1930 .
songwriter , who was born in sweden in 1930 and served as a test pilot , has a background in solo singer , having been born in the us in 1930 .
washington , d . c . is the origin of the comic book writer , astronaut , who was born in the u . s . and is from the genre of rhythm and blues .
stylisticunited states is the origin of the genre of rock and roll which has the same name , and has the ethnic group of african americans . the book that originated it is a fortress of grey ice , which itself is a sequel to a romance of the dark ages .
blues - based rhythm and blues ( which is a derivative of disco ) , is a genre that was represented by the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , who was active for 1950 .
born in united states , african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and it is from this country that the novel a severed wasp , from the genre of jazz , originates .
born in belgrade in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , was born in the u . s . and went on to become a bestselling author .
born in socialist republic of serbia in 1932 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , was born in the u . s . and went on to become a test pilot .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalex day and chameleon circuit ( band ) are both associated with the genre of acoustic music . the former was active in 2006 and the latter in 2014 .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalex day and chameleon circuit ( band ) are both associated with the genre of electronic music . the former was active in 2006 and the latter in 2014 .
alan shephard was born in manchester , england in 1923 . he died in london .
daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo ( in the uruguay where the demonym of the natives is uruguayans ) , which is where astronaut died .
born in uruguay , in the genre of candombe , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the record , the ram rebellion , which is available in hardcover . his background is solo singer .
bajik and associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell are both associated with the genre of folk music music . bajik is a member of the asam pedras and the band was active in 1963 .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell and mellow candle are both associated with the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , who is a member of the black knight . the black knight , a fictional comic superhero , was active in 1963 and is now retired .
the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes are published by the deram records , london based in london , which in turn is owned by the floating world records , and is the genre of jazz .
the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes are published by the deram records , london based in london , which in turn is owned by the fruits de mer records , and is the genre of jazz .
born in fort campbell in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , was born in the u . s . and went on to become a bestselling author .
author was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al in 1932 . he is a comic book writer from the hip hop music genre .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) is an associated band with the genre of alternative rock ( also known as musicfusionalternative rock ) , which is made up of many different types of music , one of which is that which is influenced by punk rock .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is the associated band of billy iuso and tab benoit and the genre of rock music is rock music .
alligator records , located in chicago , and in the genre of blues , is the record label for the band ac hotel bella sky who have their own record label , the shanachie records .
singing , who is also a writer , was born in romania and his genre is dance - pop . his background is solo singer .
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a genre of art that has the blues as its stylistic origin and is similar to funk and disco .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was active in 2009 and his associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel , was the band of the same name , which also included , among its members , christian burns and eric flint .
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the genre of trance music ( of which the house music is the main genre ) .
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) ( also known as the kaiser chiefs ) are both associated with the genre of alternative rock music . the kaiser chiefs were active in 2003 and the associationband in the same year .
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) ( also known as the kaiser chiefs ) are both associated with the andrew white ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 and has the record label " universal records ( defunct record label ) " .
juan afara is one of the leaders of paraguay which is part of the community of madrid . it is in this city that astronaut died in asuncion , part of gran asuncion .
the banjo is an instrument in the country music genre , which is represented by the comic book character the ram rebellion . the associated band of the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , who are part of the genre of country music , are the associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) and the nrbq .
drum and bass is a derivative of the disco genre hip hop music which itself is a variation of the funk / disco genre .
labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester , which is part of the greater birthplace area in england . it is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , who was born in the city .
the cello is the instrument of the post - metal , which is a genre of music . the associated band of both twilight ( band ) and the associatedband ( group ) , and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is one of the creators of the genre .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner is the associated band of the aaron turner . they play the electric guitar and are in the genre of black metal , a genre of musicfusionblack metal .
united states , home to the ethnic group of african americans , is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who has the genre of rhythm and blues ( of which blues is one of the languages ) .
alan shephard was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and fought in the american civil war .
alan shephard was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and fought in the battle of the wilderness .
the erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas , is the alma mater of astronaut , who was born in netherlands . he then went on to work for the ministry of health , welfare and sport and graduated with an m . a . in 1957 .
born in miri , malaysia , and now based in the u . s . , kuching , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the democratic labour party ( usa ) and is from the asajaya region .
born in kingdom of sarawak , and now a resident of the u . s . , a . , parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu politician , john clancy is from the asajaya region and is part of the democratic labour party .
born in japanese occupation of british borneo , adenan satem , now of the peoples party ( spain ) , is the successor of the conservative party ( uk ) politician , john clancy , who lives in the u . s .
born in japanese occupation of british borneo , adenan satem , now of the peoples party ( spain ) , is the successor of the conservative party ( uk ) politician , john clancy , who lives in the u . s .
the previous vice president of the us was oladipo diya , who was followed by atiku abubakar . the current vice president is frank g jackson , who has served as a fighter pilot and is a member of the nigerian army .
the us air force , which has the nigerian air force as its military branch , is led by the president and his predecessor was the prime minister and his successor is the president . the vice president is the vice president .
born in galicia ( spain ) , the british politician , john maddin served as prime minister and then as the monarch of the uk , a position that had previously been held by the predecessor , the francisco franco .
born in spain , in galicia ( country ) , spanish socialist workers ' party politician enrique pena nieto worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) , and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works .
the native americans in the united states are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is home to astronaut , a us national who was born in new britain , connecticut and has casey ribicoff for a spouse .
alan shephard was born in kent and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot who fought in the gulf war and his career began in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
the polish - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin and was a battle involving the us air force . the usaf is the nationality of the poland where the polish language is spoken .
the polish - soviet war is part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . it is one of the battles of the us bombing of libya in 1986 , and the other being the battle of new york city , where aethelwald died .
born in greece , makis voridis is the successor of aethelwald , who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and was born in athens .
born in greece , in athens , a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis worked for the ministry of economy , development and tourism , and was followed by makis voridis , who was born in the same city .
born in greece , makis voridis was a politician born in athens . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a member of the european parliament .
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) , where the currency is the euro , and where the country is home to the nationality of a . t . charlie johnson , who is also a member of the party .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands which is represented by the house of representatives and the socialist party . a us national , a . t . charlie johnson , has worked for the party and currently has an office in washington dc .
the leader of the netherlands ( led by mark rutte ) is emile roemer and the party is the socialist party which is also the lead party of the country . one of the leaders of that party is gerard larcher who is french . the country is also home to the nationality of the flemish politician , margrethe ii .
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which has the colour of the red . the party is lead by the american , johann schneider ammann , who is a member of the party .
born in knightsbridge , london , british politician , john reith 1st baron reith was a fighter pilot who fought in the battle of france and was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and april 1st , 1981 .
born in knightsbridge , london , british politician , john reith 1st baron reith was a fighter pilot who fought in the battle of france and was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 1981 .
chiang kai - shek was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the united states air force , which has the hohne as its garrison and is lead by the us air force .
born in bloomington , maryland , edwin e . aldrin jr . ( more commonly known as buzz ) aldrin died in parkersburg , west virginia and his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was born in cleveland .
born in cleveland , john maddin was a politician who was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
the french language is spoken in new york , where abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war . it is also the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , who was a fighter pilot and fought battles in the korean war .
alan shephard was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he was a fighter pilot who was involved in the american civil war , commanded by jefferson davis .
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york , and died in united states in the new mexico territory .
horacio rodriguez larreta is one of the leaders of buenos aires which is where aethelwald died . he was a member of the justicialist party and served as president while being part of the democratic party of the us .
born in mendoza , argentina , a t charlie johnson is a test pilot who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works . his successor is isaac rojas .
born in reidsville , north carolina , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , aethelwald was a politician who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the united states navy . he died in soldevanahalli , and his successor was daniel gould fowle .
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives and the us air force , which has fought in the whiskey rebellion . it is also the location of the office of the us ambassador to norway , who was born in the city , and where the united states army is based .
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives , from which the previous member of the party , the peoples party ( spain ) , was politician , john clancy , who was born in the city . he worked for the us navy and later became a test pilot . his successor was albert e . austin .
born in darien , connecticut , british politician john clancy is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was the leader of the uk labour party . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician of the same name .
born in lufkin , texas , british politician john clancy is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was the leader of the uk labour party . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician of the same name .
born in lufkin , texas , british politician john clancy is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was the leader of the uk labour party . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician of the same name .
the largest city in vermont state is burlington , vermont and the country is the location of the office of the aarhus lufthaven aiport in the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . the office is located at office ( workedat , workedas ) .
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party ( united states ) which is the party of the vermont region . vermont ' s largest city is burlington , vermont and the region is where the party is from .
battle of gettysburg is part of the american civil war and was fought by the us air force under commander robert e . lee . the usaf awarded the distinguished service medal to the us navy who fought in the battle of gettysburg battle .
the spanish language is spoken in the argentina where the labour party is the main political party . the country is the location of the office of the president and the nationality of the previous president , juan peron , who is a british national .
born in mendoza , argentina , politician john clancy was president of the us , where the labour party ( argentina ) are the main party , and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere which is the owner of the ac hotel bella sky in germany . the hotel is operated by aida cruises who were the builders of the meyer werft in copenhagen .
the aida cruises operated aidastella was built by meyer werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) . it has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long , a 3 . 973 km a . s . l . and a top speed of 38 . 892 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , a cylinder count of 12 and an engine called the four - stroke engine . the aircraft were built in may 1950 - august 1956 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the length of the aircraft is 42 metres , it has a length of 12 and has an engine called the vcylindercount which is also an engine in the boeing 737 .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , home to the americans , the ethnic group of which are from the native people . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane and the country is the origin of the sportation club .
the american motors matador ( also known as the amc matador ) , is a class mid - size car member of the mid - size car . it is made up of thames , new zealand members , has the station wagon body style , and uses the amc v8 engine as its engine .
the alhambra is owned by the p & o ( company ) which is located in london . it was built by the samuda brothers and has a 8 . 3 m as its shipbeam and a humphrys , tennant and dykes as its power type .
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at the american motors which is the parent company of the amc matador . the company is owned by its subsidiary the wheel horse and died in chrysler . the successor of the company is the eagle ( automobile ) .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a height of 3800 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 . it was built at the u . s . a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis , with adraft of 4 . 6 m , and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 .
the us air force ' s antares ( rocket ) is a comparable to the delta ii , which is based in the united states , and is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport in atlantic city , new jersey . it has an associatedrocket called the minotaur iv .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . the aircraft was inaugurated at the ataturk monument in izmir on the 27th of july , 1932 and its maiden flight was the 2014 - 10 - 28 . it ' s final flight was on the 15th of september , 1969 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . the aircraft was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 and its maiden flight was the 2014 - 10 - 28 . its final flight was on april 15th , 1987 and it was located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 ( metres ) . the aircraft was inaugurated at the ataturk monument in izmir on the 27th of july , 1932 and its maiden flight was the 2005 - 08 - 11 . its final flight was on the 28th of september , 1969 .
the french guiana is the headquarters of arianespace which is the operator of the airport . the airport is located in courcouronnes and was the location of the club a . s . livorno calcio ' s launch site .
the aston martin dbs is a predecessor to the vantage and was designed by it ' s predecessor , the manufacturer dbs . it is a type of transport aircraft , similar to the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii , which is owned by the us air force , and has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as its engine .
the aston martin dbs is a related mean oftransportation to the relatedaston martin v8 , which is also a type of transport . the latter has a body style of coupe with an asphalt surface and an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) . it is an assembly of newport pagnell .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is located . the organisation is related to the dbs and is operated by the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . it uses the aston martin virage , which is made by the company manufacurer .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s ( izmir ) is in the class of supermini and has the hatchback body style . it has an asphalt surfaced surface , a combustion engine and an assembly of brussels , belgium .
audi , founded by august horch , is the parent company of the ducati and the sportation . the bikes are part of the division of audi e - tron and the company also has a subsidiary called lamborghini .
aida cruises is the owner of the aidaluna , which is the power type of the ac lumezzane . the club was founded in united states in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the united states founded caterpillar inc . which is the power type of the afc fylde . the club is owned by the aida cruises which is located in rostock .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the a . f . c . fylde which was founded in united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the club is owned by the aida cruises and the power type of the club is the airport .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by its parent company carnival corporation & plc and operated by aida cruises . it is the owner of the meyer werft , which is the location of the ac lumezzane .
juha sipila is the leader of finland where the people are known as finns and the sami languages is spoken . the country is the location of the home ground of as gubbio 1910 which is owned by arctech helsinki shipyard .
joachim gauck is the leader of germany where the capital is berlin and the city of rostock is the location of the olympic stadium . the country is the home of the building which was built by the us national football team .
andreas vosskuhle is the leader of germany where the capital is berlin and the city of rostock is the location of building . the stadium is located there and was designed by the company populous who are the builders of the neptun werft .
the americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . whose capital is washington , d . c . . the english language is spoken in the us and the native people are known as texans . the country is the origin of the sportation .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by jorge orosman da silva and is in the uruguayan segunda division league . it is affiliated with the youth club youthu . s . citta di palermo and plays at the central espanol club , which is also in the league .
valentina matviyenko is one of the leaders of russia which is the location of the death of astronaut . his club was fc torpedo moscow where he played for soviet union national football team and he was managed by valery petrakov .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to olympique lyonnais ) has the ground parc olympique lyonnais and is managed by oleh luzhny . its chairman is jean - michel aulas and it is affiliated with the fc karpaty lviv club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is in the serie a league . they are in the u . c . sampdoria club and have a player called alessio romagnoli in their club , ac lumezzane who is also in the league .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is in the currentu . c . sampdoria club where silvio berlusconi is the chairman . alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under - 17 football team and previously for u . c . sampdoria .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger and the club is in the uruguayan segunda division league . abel hernandez , who plays for the uruguay national football team and youth club , is also part of the club and is managed by giuseppe iachini .
the manager of fc spartak moscow is gadzhi gadzhiyev and the club has a ground in otkrytiye arena . the club ' s chairman is sergey rodionov and they are affiliated with the fc amkar perm club .
the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov and the club has a ground in grozny . the manager of the club is rashid rakhimov and they are part of the fc terek grozny club .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( youth club ) is located in grozny and they are managed by rashid rakhimov . they play for fc terek grozny ( grozny ) , who have their ground at grozny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the club played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov , who was born in soviet union , is part of the club and plays for the birthplace national football team .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and peter stoger is the manager . the club has a ground in palo seco and is affiliated with the united petrotrin f . c . club .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and peter stoger is the manager . the club has a ground in palo seco velodrome and is affiliated with the united petrotrin f . c . club .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
astronaut was an american , who graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of the 101 helena which was founded by the united states navy and which he attended as a student .
astronaut was born in canada and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he died in madison , wisconsin in 1966 and was a discoverer of the 101 helena .
alan shephard was born in german empire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was the doctoral student of allan sandage and died in gottingen . the 1036 ganymed was found in him .
astron arp was born in german empire and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 . he went on to become a doctoral student of halton arp and allan sandage and became a discoverer of the 1036 ganymed .
astronaut , a us national , was born in german empire . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was the doctoral student of allan sandage and became a member of the 1036 ganymed .
astronaut was an american , who graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of the 103 hera which was founded by the united states navy and which he attended as a student .
astronaut , a canada national , graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of the 103 hera which is based on the periapsis of 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the 107 camilla ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ; apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , was found by b . zellner in the 2368 . 05 ( days ) and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
the 107 camilla ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ; apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , was found by c . woods in the 2368 . 05 ( days ) and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is f . vilas and it was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 . it has a periapsis of apoapsis and apoapsis , with an orbital period of 2368 . 05 ( days ) .
astronaut was born in nottingham , usa and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of the 107 camilla , which has an absolutemagnitude of 7 . 08 .
the 1089 tama , formerly known as the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
the 1101 clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and is made of bronze .
the 11264 claudiomaccone ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 , apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) ) , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 ( days ) .
born in miri , malaysia on november 18th , 1923 , in the kuching , a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , the politician is now based in the u . s . and is from the asajaya region .
born in kingdom of sarawak , adenan satem graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he then went on to become a politician and became a member of the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak city council and later a politician of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
the office of the vice president , who is the commander of the nigerian navy , was previously held by oladipo diya , who was followed by atiku abubakar . the current vice president is mike akhigbe , who served from april 1st , 2009 to march 15th , 2009 , and is a retired fighter pilot .
the u . s . a . ' s air force , which has a branch in nigerian army , was led by the ambassador to norway , who was also the vice president of the country . the air force was active between 1999 - 05 - 29 and april 1st , 2009 and its successor was the olusegun obasanjo .
born in connecticut in united states , u . s . , politician edwin e . aldrin jr . was a member of the democratic party and worked for the office of the governor of birthplace . he died in st louis .
alan shephard was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he worked for the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and was a member of the democratic party .
alan shephard was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states . his spouse was casey ribicoff .
born in kent , a t charlie johnson was a fighter pilot who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and went on to work for the us air force , where he was a test pilot . he worked for the air force beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 and now has his own office at the office .
born in faversham , kent , england , and a graduate of massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) . he served as a fighter pilot for the us navy , beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 .
the prime minister of greece was antonis samaras who was born in athens , greece . his successor was prokopis pavloopoulos who was also born in greece and served as a politician before him .
the leader of the netherlands ( led by mark rutte ) is emile roemer and he is a member of the house of representatives in the national assembly . the country is the location of the office of the dutch politician , margrethe ii who is also a part of the socialist party .
khadija arib and mark rutte are leaders of the netherlands where the house of representatives is lead by the national assembly . the country is the location of the residence of the dutch politician , margrethe ii who worked for the united states and currently resides in the doesburg .
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) , along with mark rutte , in the doesburg . the country is the residence of the dutch politician , margrethe ii , who is also a member of the party .
alan shephard was born on 23rd july 1927 in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in parkersburg , west virginia .
agnes ward white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o . dawson born in bloomington , maryland and they were together in cleveland .
born in cleveland , agnes ward white ( now deceased ) was a politician who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the us navy , retiring on 1st august 1974 .
born in cleveland , british politician john clancy was a member of the peoples party ( uk ) . he was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 and his successor was william m . o . dawson .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the former prime minister , john clancy , died . the current leader of the party is the peoples party ( uk ) and the president , who has a spouse called eva peron , served under the same title while in office .
born on january 20 , 1930 in mendoza , argentina , isaac rojas was a test pilot who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works .
peter stoger was born in austria , in the state of tyrol , and died in graz in styria . he was a member of the peoples party ( spain ) .
peter stoger was born in imst , in the state of tyrol , and died in graz in styria . he was a member of the peoples party ( spain ) .
alan shephard served as a test pilot and died in sycamore , illinois . he was born in vermont ( where the largest city is burlington , vermont ) and originated from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region .
alan shephard was born in georgia , vermont in the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region and died in sycamore , illinois . he was a resident of the state of vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and the country is the location of the battle known as the battle of gettysburg . the battle is part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 where jefferson davis was the commander of the american civil war .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and the country is the location of the battle known as the siege of petersburg . the battle is part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 where jefferson davis was the commander of the american civil war .
the argentina is led by the labour party and uses the spanish language language . the previous president of the country was juan peron who has a us nationality and whose spouse is eva peron .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram , who have brian robertson ( trombonist ) as one of their members , is a member of the kids imagine nation and is associated with the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . the book the ram rebellion comes under the genre of ska punk , which is also the style of the comics character , blockbuster .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron deer is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist from the u . s . who are in the genre of indie rock . their origins are from the country , where they were born in solo singer .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , along with the comic book character , old man gloom , are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . they are the creators of the genre of black metal and were born in united states and were active in 1995 .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of sludge metal and the associated band , the twilight ( band ) , along with the band associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . he was born in massachusetts and his career began in 1995 .
born in poland on january 20 , 1930 in katowice , 1963 , magik is a rapper and a member of the associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab band as well as the associated band , the ram rebellion .
singing , alan shephard was born in sweden on november 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . his background is that he was born on january 20th , 1930 and his birth date was january 20 , 1930 .
songwriter , alan shephard was born in stockholm on november 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . his background is that he was born on january 20th , 1930 and his birth date was january 20 , 1930 .
disco and funk are both styles of the same music . the latter of which is a variation of the former and is a genre of its own , with its own genre of music , called musicsubhip hop music .
born in sweden , comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of hip hop music , a variation of which is drum and bass . hip hop music ' s origins are in disco and funk .
born in windsor , connecticut , in the genre of rock music , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the band the ram rebellion which began in 1966 and has the nrbq as its associated band and the associatedband as it ' s associated band .
the guitar is the instrument of the associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) and they are associated with the genre of rock music . rock music is a music genre that has the country music as it ' s origins and is also known by the name musicfusionrock music .
musician , born in coatbridge in the us , was originally from the us and went on to become a test pilot .
born in socialist republic of serbia in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie was born in the u . s . and went on to become a key player in the genre of pop music .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and is also known as the creator of the genre of rhythm and blues . he was born in solo singer and his career began in 1990 .
alan shephard was an american who was born in manchester in 1923 . he died in london .
boris johnson is the leader of london where the european parliament is also the leader . the city is the location of the death of astronaut , who was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
the european parliament is the leader of manchester where labour party ( uk ) is also a leader . alan shephard was born in the city and died in sidcup , london .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was a member of the associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell ( associated with flibbertigibbet ) , a band that was active in 1963 . the band ' s albums are called " floating world records " and they were founded in acta palaeontol . pol .
the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , is fantasy literature . the genre is also where the albums are published , and the first one to be published by deram records , which is located in london , is the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
folk music is a genre of music which has the autoharp as it ' s instrument , and is similar to funk . it is a variation of the musicfusionjazz which is of the same genre and has the same style of music . the comic book character arion is one of the creators of jazz .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the comic book genre , where the genre of jazz ( also known as musicfusionjazz ) originates from . a variant of that genre is funk , which in turn is a variation on jazz .
author was born in fort campbell in 1930 in dothan , alabama . he then went on to become a writer and published in the genre of acoustic music . his background is solo singer .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is billy iuso ' s associated band and the voice of the wetlands all - stars in the film big hero 6 . the character , which is of the rock music genre , was active in 1989 and was also associated with the band the ram rebellion .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was active in 1989 and its genre is blues . its associated band is called galactic , it ' s also associated with tab benoit and the associatedband / associationmusicalanders osborne .
singer , reality television judge , who is also a writer , was born in campia turzii in 1932 and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 .
singing , astronaut was born in romania in 1932 . his background is that he was a test pilot and his genre is rhythm and blues .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is the associated band of armin van buuren and bobina and the genre of trance music , which was originated in pop music .
born in chisinau , moldova , in the genre of trance music , the comic book writer , astronaut was involved in 2009 , with his associated band the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel , and with the musician , christian burns , who is also a member of the band .
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel ( born chisinau , moldova ) are both associated with the genre of trance music . moyine is a member of the asam pedras and he was active in 2009 .
john digweed and jwaydan moyine are both associated with the band the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel . john digweed plays in the band and jwaydan moyin is a member of the band . the string instrument is an instrument used by the band which is part of the genre of trance music .
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband are both associated with the andrew white ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 . the band ' s record labels are b - unique records and polydor records , and they have a member called kaiser chiefs .
born in fort campbell , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of hip hop music . a variation of which is drum and bass , hip hop music ' s origins are in disco and funk .
born in 1981 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of hip hop music , a variation of which is disco . hip hop music ' s origins are in funk and its derivatives include drum and bass .
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london which is lead by labour party ( uk ) . alan shephard was born in manchester , died in sidcup and was a labour politician .
the mestizo are one of the ethnic groups in paraguay which is lead by juan afara and uses the spanish language . the city is the birthplace of asuncion born agustin barboza who died there .
the music genre of alternative rock , also known as musicfusionalternative rock , is jazz . the genre is represented by the albums that are published by the following labels : b - unique records , which is located in london , and then there is the record label , polydor records , which has a more specific genre of music , that of jazz .
the music genre alternative rock , which is also known as musicfusionalternative rock , is alternative rock . the genre is served by the albums that are published by polydor records ( located in london ) and universal records ( defunct record label ) ( in hong kong ) .
the guitar is an instrument used by the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , who are in the genre of rock music . rock music is a variation of the musicfusion and is similar to country , which is also a type of music . country ' s style of music is that of stylisticorigin .
country music is an instrument found in the u . s . that plays the banjo . they are the origin of the genre of blues which itself is a variation of the musicfusion music genre .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner , who play the electric guitar , are the associated band for the band twilight ( band ) . they are in the genre of black metal , which is a variation of musicfusionblack metal .
the spanish language is spoken in uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez and enrique pena nieto are leaders . the city of montevideo in the country is lead by daniel martinez ( politician ) and is where rafael vinoly died .
