11 diagonal street is located in south africa , south africa .
250 delaware avenue is in the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was started to be built in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has a total of 814 rooms .
adare manor was designed by the architect james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale , haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , hautale , sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the architect julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds is in the architectural style of the " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , new york city .
buffalo , new york , is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of the munster .
dublin ' s leader is criona ni dhalaigh .
mulatu teshome is the name of the leader of ethiopia .
india is inhabited by indians and their demonym is indian people .
julia morgan is the architect behind chinatown in san fransisco and other significant buildings in california .
the location of live nation entertainment is the beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of the new york .
new york city is part of the new netherland .
pacific grove , california , is part of the u . s .
one of the ethnic groups in south africa is the white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors and is 111484 square metres .
200 public square , united states has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres , and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle , chicago , which is in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler , who is from the united states .
3arena , designed by the architect hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
3arena , designed by the architect populous ( company ) , is located at dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , copenhagen .
adare manor , designed by the architect george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia in the city of addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of akita museum of art .
the address of akita museum of art , which has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , is 142 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and has the address , lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka which is lead by austin fernando .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , usa , in the united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , which is a part of munster .
3arena is located in dublin , which is a part of republic of ireland .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin ( born in birmingham ) is located at colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g . jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 111484 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader and is part of chicago .
320 south boston building , with 22 floors , was designed by the architect george winkler , who is from the united states .
3arena , designed by the architect hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3xn , is tenanted by marriott international .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significantadare manor and other significant buildings .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by the architect philip charles hardwick and completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style of architecture .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the adisham hall can be found .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and they are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , the building of which began on 1st june 2009 .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significantasilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 and located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 and located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( now lead by the conservative party ( uk ) ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( now lead by the liberal democrats ) .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where the leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
103 colmore row , birmingham , with 23 floors , was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where asian south africans and white south africans are ethnic groups , cape town is the capital and coloured are also an ethnic group .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres , cost 110 million dollars to build , and has a floor area of 111484 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , which is lead by rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle in illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is 111484 square metres .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , which is part of the republic of ireland and part of leinster .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , copenhagen , which was designed by architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick which is part of munster . county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan .
the vietnamese are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita prefecture in akita , akita , japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture in akita , akita , japan , a country with an ethnic group called brazilians .
the college of william and mary own alan b miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia and is located in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country which has narendra modi and sumitra mahajan as leaders .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1904 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , brooklyn . cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan and new york city is part of ispart of .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where the leader is gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( postcode area ' b ' ) , where labour politician john clancy is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( postcode area ' b ' ) , where labour politician john clancy is a leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel . the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , the country where t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london ( which is lead via the parliament of the united kingdom ) . elizabeth ii is a leader of the uk and the country ' s leader is called the prime minister .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the english language is spoken , and joe biden is a leader along with the president of the united states .
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , with 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , was started in january , 2014 and has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel and the capital city is springfield .
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and faroese is one of the languages spoken there .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country uses the greenlandic language and is home to the faroese language .
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and faroese is a language spoken there .
the leader of republic of ireland is enda kenny and the country is the location of adare manor and the significantadare manor . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of the grounds of the asilomar conference .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , a building that was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . the building has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the building has 3 floors and is located in the city of akita .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the chinese people .
the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia which is owned by the college of william and mary . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is located at virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the ampara hospital .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka which is governed by the eastern provincial council . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the significantasilomar conference grounds and significantproject .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and significantasilomar conference grounds .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , in the united states . cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan , and new netherland is part of new york city .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . khalid mahmood is one of the leaders of the labour party ( uk ) , and the governing body of the city ( which has the b postcode ) is the city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc . the leader of the us is known as the president and two of the leaders are john roberts and barack obama .
