the area codes for albany , georgia are 404 , 678 , and 470 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id2)
mayor is the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id3)
new mexico house of representatives is the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id4)
new mexico senate is the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id5)
amarillo , texas has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres . (id6)
amarillo , texas is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id8)
angola , indiana is at an elevation of 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area codes for antioch , california are 404 , 678 , and 470 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id11)
the population density , of akron ( ohio ) , is 755 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id12)
kasim reed is the leader of atlantic city in new jersey . (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id15)
attica , indiana is at an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id17)
auburn , washington has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres . (id18)
austin , texas is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id19)
spanish language is one of the languages spoken in california . (id20)
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county which is in indiana . (id23)
michigan is located in the u . s . of america . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california is located in the u . s . (id26)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . (id28)
barack obama is a leader of the united states . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in washington , d . c . (id30)
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states which is the country where akron , ohio is located . (id31)
salem , oregon is the capital of oregon , which is part of atlantic city ( new jersey ) . (id32)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , united states is known as the house of representatives and is in the united states . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the u . s . a . (id34)
united states house of representatives is the title of the leader of anaheim , california , which is part of the u . s . state of georgia . (id35)
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the orange county , california . (id36)
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the adams township , madison county , indiana . (id37)
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id38)
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id39)
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the texas . (id40)
atlanta is located in the u . s . and is part of the state of georgia . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the u . s . and is part of the state of atlantic county , new jersey . (id42)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the city of atlantic city , new jersey is located within the country . (id43)
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the atlantic county , new jersey . (id44)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 755 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre , is 140 . 9 square kilometres . (id45)
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the pierce county , washington . (id46)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states which is part of atlantic city , n . j . (id47)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , the country where united states is located . (id48)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located . (id49)
the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in albany , georgia , which is part of united states . (id50)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where auburn , alabama is located , in the country . (id51)
the english language is spoken in akron , ohio , in the united states . (id52)
the title of the leader of the united states is the president and the capital is albuquerque , new mexico in that country . (id53)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , united states , where albany , georgia is located . (id54)
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , which is lead by the new mexico senate , is 992 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id55)
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of alpharetta , georgia which is part of the fulton county , georgia . (id56)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of alpharetta , georgia which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) . (id57)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the country is the location of atlantic city , n . j . (id58)
the utc offset for anaheim , california , which has the area code of 657 , 714 , is - 7 and has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres . (id59)
the california state senate is located in the ispart of state capitol and leads the city of anaheim , california which is part of the state . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states , in the u . s . a . (id61)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where the city of angola , indiana , part of the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , is located . (id62)
united states house of representatives is the title of the leader of antioch , part of contra costa county , in california , which is part of the san francisco bay area . (id63)
arlington , texas , is part of the u . s . state of tarrant county , texas , which has the county seat of fort worth , texas . (id64)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the country is the location of atlantic city , n . j . (id65)
atlanta , with the area code of 404 , has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id66)
the largest city in new jersey ( united states ) is newark and the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is part of the state . (id67)
the largest city in united states is largestatlantic city , new jersey and the city of atlantic city , new jersey is part of the atlantic county , new jersey in the country . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states in the u . s . a . (id69)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the city of auburn , washington is located in the country in washington ( state ) . (id70)
auburn , washington is part of the washington ( state ) in the united states , where the capital is springfield . (id71)
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in that state . (id72)
anderson , indiana , is the largest city in madison county , indiana ( united states ) , which is part of alexandria , indiana . (id73)
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey in the u . s . a . atlantic city , new jersey is part of the state . (id74)
largestarlington , texas is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken , and arlington , texas is part of the community . (id75)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and attica , indiana , which is part of the fountain county , indiana , is a popular tourist destination in the country . (id76)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and attica , indiana is part of the fountain county , indiana in the country . (id77)
the english language is spoken in akron , ohio , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the country ' s language is italian . (id78)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of akron , ohio which is part of the summit county , ohio . (id79)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of albany , oregon which is part of benton county , oregon . (id80)
barack obama is the leader of united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is albuquerque , new mexico . (id81)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english language is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is albany , georgia . (id82)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english language is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is angola , indiana . (id83)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of albany , georgia which is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . (id84)
the area of albuquerque , new mexico , which has the area code of 505 , 575 , is 161 . 54 square kilometres . it has a population density of 992 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a land area of 486 . 0 square kilometers . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia in the state of fulton county , georgia and is served by the county seat of fulton . (id86)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc and where the city of amarillo , texas is located . amarillo , texas is part of the potter county , texas . (id87)
the capital of texas , in the u . s . a . , is austin , texas . amarillo is part of the potter county , texas in the state . (id88)
the california state assembly is located in the ispart of state capitol and leads the city of anaheim , california . anaheim , california is part of the state and the language spoken there is english . the title of the leader of anaheim , california is " leader " . (id89)
anderson , indiana is located in adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union and is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 992 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county in the u . s . a . , in indiana . angola , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id91)
the utc offset for antioch , california , which has the area code of 925 , is - 7 . antioch , california has a population of 102372 and a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey , which has the area code of 609 , has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and is lead by a mayor . (id93)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is the country where auburn , alabama is located . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama which is in the state of alabama . (id94)
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states which is the country where auburn , alabama is located . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the state of alabama . (id95)
auburn , washington , is part of pierce county , in the u . s . a . , which is home to washington ' s capital , washington d . c . auburn , washington is also part of king county , washington . (id96)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the city of auburn , washington is located in the country . auburn , washington is part of the u . s . state of washington and is in the king county , washington . (id97)
largestaustin , texas , the largest city in texas , is located in taylor county which is part of hays county , texas in texas . (id98)
the chinese language is spoken in california which is part of anaheim , california . anaheim , california is lead by the city council and is the location of the state assembly which has its headquarters at the state capitol . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the united states . it is in the fulton county , georgia , in the county of fulton with its county seat being clayton . (id100)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the u . s . a . , where the capital is springfield . (id101)
the english language is spoken in largestarlington , texas , texas which is part of the u . s . a . and home to the largest city , san sebastian de los reyes . (id102)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . albany , oregon , which is part of benton county , oregon , is also a part of the country . (id103)
united states ' s capital is washington , d . c . and its largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of the new jersey in united states . (id104)
the african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is lead by barack obama , who has the title president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , united states . (id105)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where john sanchez is the leader . the country is also home to albuquerque , new mexico which is lead by the new mexico senate . (id106)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans . albany , oregon , which is part of benton county , oregon , is also located in united states . (id107)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where barack obama is the leader and his title is the mayor of albuquerque . (id108)
the english language is spoken in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the city of albany , georgia is located which is part of the country . (id109)
the english language is spoken in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the city of angola , indiana ( part of indiana ) is located . (id110)
the english language is spoken in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the city of angola , indiana ( part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana ) is located . (id111)
the leader of the united states is known as the president and the demonym for people living there is americans . there are many ethnic groups in the country , one of which is asians and the country is the location of the city of albany , georgia which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) . (id112)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where alpharetta , georgia is located . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the fulton county , georgia region . the largest city in that state is largestalpharetta , georgia . (id113)
amarillo , texas is part of the potter county , texas , in the state of texas , in united states . the capital of texas is washington , d . c . , the language of the country is tamil , and the language spoken is tamil . (id114)
the capital of texas is austin , texas and the language spoken in the state is english . amarillo , part of potter county , texas , is located in the u . s . and is a part of texas . (id115)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states in the state of texas where the english language is spoken . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the u . s . a . , in the state of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres . (id117)
california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california , which is part of the contra costa county in san francisco bay area , in california . the english language is spoken in that state . (id118)
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code , 404 . the city has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres of land . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it is located at 166 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) inhabitants per square kilometre . its total area is 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id120)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . the country is also the location of the city of auburn , alabama in the state of alabama . (id121)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county in the u . s . a . , in the state of king county , washington . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres . (id122)
largestaustin , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas , a part of texas where the english language is spoken , and where the county seat is fort worth . austin , texas is part of the state and is located in the county . (id123)
the english language is spoken in texas where the largest city is largestaustin , texas and the county seat is andrews . austin , texas is part of the state and is in hays county , texas . (id124)
the spanish language is spoken in texas where the largest city is largestaustin , texas and the county seat is san marcos . austin , texas is part of the state and is in the hays county , texas region . (id125)
the english americans is spoken in indiana which is part of the u . s . a . and has the capital city of washington dc . alexandria , indiana , part of madison county , indiana , is also part of indiana . (id126)
the spanish language is spoken in texas where the largest city is largestarlington , texas and the county seat is round rock . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , in the state which is the location of the county seat . (id127)
the capital of texas , in the united states , is austin and the largest city is fort worth . arlington , texas is part of the county in tarrant county , in texas , and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id128)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country and atlantic city , new jersey is a popular tourist destination in the new jersey region . (id129)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . and the demonym for the people living there is indian . the country is the location of the city of albany , oregon which is part of the linn county , oregon . (id130)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and its people are called americans . albany , oregon , which is part of oregon , is a popular tourist destination in the country and has an ethnic group called asians . (id131)
americans is the demonym for the people of angola , indiana , steuben county , indiana , united states , where the english language is spoken . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and angola , indiana is part of it . (id132)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which has washington dc as its capital city and is home to the city of auburn , alabama in the lee county , alabama state . (id133)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the city of auburn , alabama is located . the city is part of the county of lee which is in alabama and has the county seat of opelika , alabama . (id134)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the city of atlantic city , new jersey , in new jersey , in the u . s . , is part of that country . (id135)
barack obama is the president of the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is part of the new mexico in united states . (id136)
americans inhabit the united states where the english language is spoken and the ethnic groups include the asian americans . angola , indiana , which is part of the u . s . , is a popular tourist destination . (id137)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of the city of akron , ohio which is part of the summit county , ohio . (id138)
americans inhabit the united states where the leader is known as the president and the ethnic groups are african americans . albany , georgia is part of the country which is lead by a president and is home to the ethnic group of africans . (id139)
