the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the salvadoran primera division league .
the a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . were in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk is in the azerbaijan premier league league .
az alkmaar were in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is located in the u . s .
akron , ohio is located in the summit county , ohio .
the akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci is attached to the club inter milan .
frank de boer is in the fc barcelona club .
gubbio is located in the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel is part of the fc sachsen leipzig club .
jorge humberto rodriguez club is alianza f . c .
luciano spalletti is in the udinese calcio club .
massimo drago is attached to the club a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini is attached to the club atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini is attached to the club vicenza calcio .
peter stoger is in the 1 . fc koln club .
rolando maran is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is the verona , italy .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and has a ground in livorno .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of sportsteam s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is the greece .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece league and has a ground in olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , sportpark de toekomst , is tenanted by jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and were in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which is in umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the club 1 fc lokomotive leipzig . he also plays for sv germania schoneiche and sv germania schoneiche .
a . c . cesena are managed by massimo drago who was at fc bari 1908 and now plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they are in the lega pro / a league and have 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . club and the el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is the efxeinoupoli . their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc fylde has the full name " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members . their ground is called blackpool and they play in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to chesterfield football club and plays for blackburn rovers fc .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde and plays for both stockport county f . c . and runcorn fc halton .
afc fylde has the full name " livorno calcio s . p . a . " and has 19238 members . their ground is called livorno , italy and they play in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio ( managed by christian panucci ) play in the serie b , of which carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and is attached to the club real madrid c . f . .
olympiacos f . c . have been champions of the superleague greece in which aek athens f . c . also play . the ground of which , is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) has their ground .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan and the amsterdam - noord is part of the country .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio as well as empoli f . c . .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and torino fc as well as a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio . he previously played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and is in the s . s . chieti calcio club . he is also the manager of a . c . cesena .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and his club is sv babelsberg 03 . he is part of the club 1 fc union berlin and previously played for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and is in the carrarese calcio club . he manages the a . c . chievo verona and plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also owns torino fc and has played for atalanta bc .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is in the a epsth 2nd group league and has 1500 members . their ground is located in efxeinoupoli and their chairman is antonis milionis .
conservative party ( uk ) is one of the leaders in blackpool which is the location of the home ground of as gubbio 1910 . the club is managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) who has played for chelsea fc and is attached to the club stockport county f . c . .
gordon marsden is one of the leaders in blackpool which is the location of the home ground of as gubbio 1910 . the club is managed by stuart parker ( footballer ) who has played for chelsea fc and is attached to the club stockport county f . c . .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde , their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire , they have 3180 members , competed in the 2014 season and have the full name " association football club fylde " .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they have 3180 members . their ground is the bryning lane and they played in the 2014 season .
acf fiorentina are managed by paulo sousa who is in the maccabi tel aviv f . c . club , plays for juventus fc and is attached to the club inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members , their ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece . they competed in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amateur ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is operated by afc ajax n . v . and tenanted by jong ajax .
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( abbreviated to afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is alvinegro and they have the full name amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs .
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem , afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in which vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas , in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , in that country .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca , in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , in that country .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school which is located in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . italy ' s capital is rome and the country is lead by a magistrate .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and plays for fc admira wacker modling . he is affiliated with the fk austria wien club and manages fc magdeburg .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by michele marcolini , who is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . a . c . lumezzane has a ground in italy , where the leader of the pietro grasso .
the conservative party uk are the leaders of blackpool which is the location of the a . f . c . blackpool ground in blackpool . the club is managed by stuart parker who has previously played football for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc .
s . s . robur siena are champions of serie d in which as gubbio 1910 also play . the latter club have their home ground in italy where the italian language is spoken and the leader is sergio mattarella .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in marousi . it is managed by gus poyet who is attached to the club real zaragoza and plays for chelsea f . c . .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader of the italians . italy ' s capital is rome , the language spoken is italian and italian is the language of the country .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians , has rome as its capital and the official language is italian . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
