pecorino romano is one of the ingredients in the dish amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is one of the ingredients in the dish arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is one of the ingredients in the dish arros negre .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia .
arros negre is a food found in valencian community .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore .
tomato is an ingredient of a blt .
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the country of colombian cuisine .
chicharron is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a food found in paisa region .
barny cakes can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shrimp is one of the ingredients in the dish batchoy .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is made with vegetables .
taro is one of the ingredients in the dish binignit .
bionico and cottage cheese are variations of the same dish .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
food is classed as a bird and is a type of chicken .
the currency used in india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the name of the leader of india .
indonesian language is one of the languages spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the name of the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java .
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia and malaysia ' s ethnic groups .
silvano aureoles conejo is the name of the leader of mexico .
the spanish language is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a popular tourist destination in china .
peanut sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish siomay .
malays ( ethnic group ) is one of the ethnic groups on sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a food found in italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community region of spain and is a popular food of valencian community .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is made nationwide and is also found in malaysia and singapore .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon are the main ingredients of binignit , which also contains sweet potato .
bacon sandwich is also known as bhaji or bajji and has gram flour as an ingredient .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich and a blt is a variation of the same dish .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in united states .
fruit preserves is an ingredient of a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a food found in indonesia .
celery , part of the rutaceae family , is one of the ingredients in the dish bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a food found in indonesia .
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as one of its ingredients .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a food found in singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the phillippines .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indian people .
bhajji is a food found in india , where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a food found in philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the phillippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico and cake are both served as a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where bakso is a popular dish .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor .
guanciale is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in lazio and also found in italy .
arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . its main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and sweet potato .
arrabbiata sauce has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the solanaceae family and in the division of flowering plants .
olive oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in rome and also found in italy .
tomato is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in rome and italy .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . lettuce is one of the ingredients of the dishvariation and it is made with lettuce .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and john roberts is a leader .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt , which is itself a variation on a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in new york , in france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and manuel valls is the leader .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in new york , in united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a dessert . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region that contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region and a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is a food found in indonesia and originates from the paisa region .
avocado is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in paisa region , colombian cuisine .
hogao is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in paisa region and also found in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
batchoy is a food found in philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a food found in philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and also found in indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of solanales ) and coconut milk .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as the dessert course in the mexico .
raisin is an ingredient of bionico which is a food found in guadalajara , in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce , from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the igorot people .
tony tan is the leader of singapore , where english language is spoken and where beef kway teow is a traditional dish .
tomato is part of the solanaceae family and a member of the solanales order . it is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from the region of lazio , italy . the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce . rome is the capital of italy and the country ' s leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef and is served with sambal .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of the dish are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where parliament of catalonia is a leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group from spain and arros negre is eaten there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia where the batak are an ethnic group . malaysia is also home to the malay people and asam pedas is eaten there .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the malays ( ethnic group ) and minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra and asam pedas is eaten there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of the us and bacon explosion is eaten there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of the us and bacon explosion is eaten there .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom where it is often served with brown sauce . variations include the blt ( also known as a bacon sandwich ) and club sandwich .
bacon sandwich ( also known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the country of united kingdom . the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are gram flour and vegetables and it is served with sambal .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
baked alaska originates from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states . its main ingredients include tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and garlic .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska .
baked alaska originates from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients of baked alaska are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and ice cream .
fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . the latter dish comes from the derbyshire dales region which is part of the community of madrid .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is from the region of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region of columbia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean .
bandeja paisa originates from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine . its main ingredients include tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and garlic .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor , a variation of the siomay dish , is found in the country of indonesia . shumai , which contains shiitake mushrooms , is one of the variations of the dish .
batchoy originates from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines and contains bacon and sausage among it ' s ingredients .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia and is available nationwide both there and in malaysia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore and the language spoken there is english .
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of the indonesia . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji , is a food found in the karnataka region of india . vegetable is one of its ingredients .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and is made with vegetables or minced meat .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato ( part of the order of solanales flowering plants and a flowering plant ) .
binignit originates from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients of binignit are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil and sago .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola as an ingredient .
bionico originates from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef and is served with sambal .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , a country where bakso is a traditional dish from the paisa region . tapioca is one of the ingredients used to make bakso .
the baduy are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from singapore , where tony tan is a leader .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the ilocano and zamboangans people .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and ethnic groups include the zamboangans and the igorot people .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where spanish is spoken . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where spanish is spoken . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
arem - arem is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s currency is the indonesian rupiah , the language spoken is indonesian and the leader is jusuf kalla .
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , the country where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there , as is malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indians .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indians .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , the country where abu zahar ujang is the leader . malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups there and malaysian indians are also an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of the united states and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and the language spoken is italian .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt . its main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . other names for the bacon sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon barm , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffins .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , the country where french is the spoken language . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon , which is a member of the rosids order , part of the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and the language spoken is french .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . batagor is a variation of the siomay dish , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai is a variant of that dish .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . batagor is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes , the latter of which contains shiitake mushrooms .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay and shumai ( which contains peanut sauce ) are variations of the same dish .
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indians and the leader is t . s . thakur . bhajji is from the karnataka region , where vajubhai vala is a leader .
sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur are leaders in india , a country where the people are known as indians . bhajji is a food found in the karnataka region of india .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where they speak spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto . honey can also be served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico , a country led by silvano aureoles conejo . honey can be added to bionico , which is also a dessert .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards and it is led by king felipe vi .
italian is the language spoken in italy where matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders and rome is the capital city . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders of italy , the country where italians are from , rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders of italy , the country where rome is the capital , italian is the language spoken and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and fried chicken is a main ingredient in ayam penyet .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from singapore , where tony tan is a leader and english is spoken .
the chinese filipino and the zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken and batchoy is eaten .
the spaniards are an ethnic group in spain which uses the spanish language and where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain ( led by susana diaz ) , where felipe vi is the leader . spaniards are the people who live in spain and ajoblanco is a traditional dish .
