the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , united states . established in 2000 , it is categorised as a contributing property and is in the state of pennsylvania . (id1)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county to the southwest . (id2)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id3)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . (id4)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , maryland , united states . the monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is found in the state of maryland . (id5)
alan bean is a us national who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space as part of the space program . he is now retired . (id6)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id7)
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . alan bean retired in june 1981 . (id8)
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and joined nasa in 1963 where he became a member of the apollo 11 crew . (id9)
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey ) graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . buzz aldrin then went on to become a member of apollo 11 ' s crew along with william anders as a backup pilot . (id10)
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa , where william anders was a backup pilot . (id11)
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa the same year . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . (id12)
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator , the benitoite is a gemstone and the smilodon is a fossil . (id13)
william anders , a us national , was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on sept 1 , 1969 . (id14)
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a member of nasa ' s apollo 8 crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id15)
william anders received a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955 and went on to become a member of the apollo 8 crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders is now retired . (id16)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it has 100 academic staff and its dean is mario botta . (id17)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id18)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 , it ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id19)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association , headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen , who has the title monarchy of denmark , and the country ' s religion is the church of denmark . (id20)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated to the european university association in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id21)
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and its largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in the country and one of its rivers is the ganges . (id22)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania , its capital is bucharest , its leader is klaus iohannis , its patron saint is andrew the apostle and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . (id23)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id24)
