the city of abilene , texas is served by allama iqbal international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
sbct is the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport .
the city of curitiba is served by allama iqbal international airport .
the city of fallujah is served by allama iqbal international airport .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the surface of the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of poaceae .
06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport has an elevation of 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is the andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of parana state in the south region .
danes are the people who live in denmark .
fallujah is located in the country of iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the u . s .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in the country of spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the name of the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of regionserved .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the 1986 united states bombing of libya is one of the battles of the united states air force .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the aarhus airport , operated by the aktieselkab organisation , has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in the madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 metres .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where the arabic is spoken .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought battles in the korean war .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
the surface of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol , which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level , is poaceae .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the largest city is houston .
the runway length of angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , is 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
the ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in headquarter .
adolfo suarez egg harbor township , new jersey - barajas airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport , which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport , operated by the aktieselkab organisation , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 metres .
infraero , located in brasilia , is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10r / 28l .
lake placid , and the city of saranac lake , in new york , are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of community of madrid , in spain .
the icao location identifier of agra airport , uttar pradesh ( operated by the indian air force ) is icao_location_identifier and is in uttar pradesh .
the al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 metres .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters and fought in the invasion of grenada .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 metres . its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
the jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres with the name 18l / 36r .
at 210 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan - barajas airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where austin , texas is the capital , english is the language spoken and the language of texas is greek .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , which is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey and has its headquarters at the four world trade centre .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the country is led by anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , part of the community of madrid . the leading party at madrid is the peoples party ( spain ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
adolfo suarez san sebastian de los reyes - barajas aiport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the people ' s party .
abilene , texas is served by the abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 2194 . 0 metres and 17l / 35r is the runway name .
lake placid , and the city of saranac lake , in new york , are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport is 507 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and serves both saranac lake , new york and lake placid .
adolfo suarez madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . its runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the ata location identifier of agr as well as the icao location identifier oficao_ location_identifier .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has a runway length of 3990 . 0 metres . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter and the al asad airbase - capable general dynamics f16 fighting falcon .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam is served by the abilene regional airport which is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . the airport has the runway name 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' .
amsterdam is served by the abilene regional airport which is located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres . the airport has the runway name 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews , texas . it is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the english language is spoken .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , icolo e bengo , angola and serves the city of cityserved .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport of which is hubashgabat international airport , is the turkmenabat airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey which is served by afonsa pena international airport located at sao jose dos pinhais in the country of united states .
stephen dilts is the leader of the south jersey transportation authority which owns the atlantic city international airport in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
charles michel is the leader of belgium where the german language is spoken and the al taqaddum air base serves the city of antwerp in belgium .
the french language is spoken in belgium where philippe of belgium is the leader and the city of antwerp , which is served by antwerp international airport , is located .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the u . s . a .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab in pakistan .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae , a flowering plant of the commelinids order , in the class monocotyledon and in the division of flowering plants .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located 610 metres above sea level in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport has a runway named 14l / 32r which is 4100 . 0 metres long .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier isviag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has the icao location identifier of i cao_location_identifier . the airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 which is named 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the airport has a runway length of 3992 . 88 which is named 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircrafts , lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcons . the usaf fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya and uses general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon fighter aircrafts .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which has lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircrafts . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom and fought battles in the korean war .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . its 1st runway is made from poaceae , has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 which is named 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18r / 36l with a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan at 210 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo . the airport has a runway named 7 / 25 with a length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan at 210 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo . the airport has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . the runway name is 05l / 23r .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of which are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in that country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of which are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in that country .
don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , n . j . which is served by atlantic city international airport . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , the capital of which is city of brussels . philippe of belgium and charles michel are both leaders of the country .
the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport , egg harbor township , new jersey ( part of atlantic county , in new jersey , in the united states ) , is i cao_location_identifier .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , part of harrietstown , new york , in the united states , and also lake placid , a part of the essex county , in new york .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) , part of essex county , new york , in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter as one of their aircraft helicopters .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq and fuad masum is also a leader of the country where the arabic is spoken .
