alan bean , born in wheeler , texas in the united states , is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , a united states national who graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa the same year , went on to become a member of the space program .
elliot see was born in dallas in the united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see went to school at nwc and graduated with an ma in 1957 , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see went to school at nwc and graduated with an ma in 1957 and died in st . louis where the leader is francis g . slay .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 in st . louis , which is part of kingdom of france .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire ( home of the purple finch ) , spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is available in hardcover and has 448 pages . it was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has the following details :
1634 : the ram rebellion is the sequel to 1634 : the galileo affair , written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city and publishes the acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids , with issn number 0269 - 9370 , and is also concerned with hiv .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids , with issn number 1473 - 5571 , and is also concerned with hiv .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson , who lives in the u . s . and whose alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an oclc number of 7877110 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 as well as an oclc number of 7877110 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press which is based in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number of 7877110 and the media type is hardcover .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has an issn number of 1865 - 8784 and an lccn number oflccn_ number .
above the veil was written in australians and followed the book aenir which is written in english .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil is available in hardcover and has 248 pages . it was written by garth nix and has the following details :
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number oflccn_ number .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and written in english . it was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number of the book is 7877110 and the media type is hardcover .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken , as it is in great britain also .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog . he is the author of a glastonbury romance .
the administrative science quarterly ( issn number 0001 - 8392 ) is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune .
a severed wasp is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars is from the united states and written in english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the club 1 fc lokomotive leipzig . he also plays for sv germania schoneiche and sv germania schoneiche .
a . c . cesena are managed by massimo drago who was at fc bari 1908 and now plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they are in the lega pro / a league and have 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . club and the el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is the efxeinoupoli . their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc fylde has the full name " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members . their ground is called blackpool and they play in blackpool .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to chesterfield football club and plays for blackburn rovers fc .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde and plays for both stockport county f . c . and runcorn fc halton .
afc fylde has the full name " livorno calcio s . p . a . " and has 19238 members . their ground is called livorno , italy and they play in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio ( managed by christian panucci ) play in the serie b , of which carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and is attached to the club real madrid c . f . .
olympiacos f . c . have been champions of the superleague greece in which aek athens f . c . also play . the ground of which , is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) has their ground .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam where the leader is eberhard van der laan and the amsterdam - noord is part of the country .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio as well as empoli f . c . .
massimo drago manages the a . c . cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and torino fc as well as a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio . he previously played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and is in the s . s . chieti calcio club . he is also the manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john madin ( born in birmingham ) is located at colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g . jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 111484 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader and is part of chicago .
320 south boston building , with 22 floors , was designed by the architect george winkler , who is from the united states .
3arena , designed by the architect hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3xn , is tenanted by marriott international .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significantadare manor and other significant buildings .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by the architect philip charles hardwick and completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival architectural style of architecture .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the adisham hall can be found .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and they are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , the building of which began on 1st june 2009 .
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the grounds of asilomar conference as well as the significantasilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 and located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 and located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california , was added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( now lead by the conservative party ( uk ) ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( now lead by the liberal democrats ) .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where the leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in albany , georgia , dougherty county , georgia , united states , where albany , georgia is located .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , which is lead by the new mexico senate , is 992 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of alpharetta , georgia which is part of the fulton county , georgia .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of alpharetta , georgia which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the country is the location of atlantic city , n . j .
the utc offset for anaheim , california , which has the area code of 657 , 714 , is - 7 and has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres .
the california state senate is located in the ispart of state capitol and leads the city of anaheim , california which is part of the state .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in the united states , in the u . s . a .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where the city of angola , indiana , part of the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , is located .
united states house of representatives is the title of the leader of antioch , part of contra costa county , in california , which is part of the san francisco bay area .
arlington , texas , is part of the u . s . state of tarrant county , texas , which has the county seat of fort worth , texas .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . the country is the location of atlantic city , n . j .
atlanta , with the area code of 404 , has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
the largest city in new jersey ( united states ) is newark and the city of atlantic city , new jersey , is part of the state .
the largest city in united states is largestatlantic city , new jersey and the city of atlantic city , new jersey is part of the atlantic county , new jersey in the country .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states in the u . s . a .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the city of auburn , washington is located in the country in washington ( state ) .
auburn , washington is part of the washington ( state ) in the united states , where the capital is springfield .
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in that state .
anderson , indiana , is the largest city in madison county , indiana ( united states ) , which is part of alexandria , indiana .
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey in the u . s . a . atlantic city , new jersey is part of the state .
largestarlington , texas is the largest city in texas , where english is spoken , and arlington , texas is part of the community .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and attica , indiana , which is part of the fountain county , indiana , is a popular tourist destination in the country .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and attica , indiana is part of the fountain county , indiana in the country .
the english language is spoken in akron , ohio , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the country ' s language is italian .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of akron , ohio which is part of the summit county , ohio .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is home to the city of albany , oregon which is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is albuquerque , new mexico .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english language is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is albany , georgia .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english language is one of the languages spoken and the capital city is angola , indiana .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10r / 28l .
lake placid , and the city of saranac lake , in new york , are served by adirondack regional airport . this airport has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of community of madrid , in spain .
the icao location identifier of agra airport , uttar pradesh ( operated by the indian air force ) is icao_location_identifier and is in uttar pradesh .
the al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 metres .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighters and fought in the invasion of grenada .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 metres . its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
the jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 metres with the name 18l / 36r .
at 210 metres above sea level , adolfo suarez maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan - barajas airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 metres .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where austin , texas is the capital , english is the language spoken and the language of texas is greek .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants have the demonym tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , which is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey and has its headquarters at the four world trade centre .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the country is led by anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , part of the community of madrid . the leading party at madrid is the peoples party ( spain ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
adolfo suarez san sebastian de los reyes - barajas aiport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the people ' s party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania in the municipality of gettysburg pennsylvania . adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial in azerbaijan , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , azerbaijan , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the legislature is the national assembly .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey .
guanciale is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in lazio and also found in italy .
arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . its main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and sweet potato .
arrabbiata sauce has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the solanaceae family and in the division of flowering plants .
olive oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in rome and also found in italy .
tomato is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in rome and italy .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . lettuce is one of the ingredients of the dishvariation and it is made with lettuce .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where barack obama is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and john roberts is a leader .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt , which is itself a variation on a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in new york , in france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and manuel valls is the leader .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in new york , in united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a dessert . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region that contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region and a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is a food found in indonesia and originates from the paisa region .
avocado is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in paisa region , colombian cuisine .
hogao is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in paisa region and also found in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
batchoy is a food found in philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a food found in philippines and its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and also found in indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore and singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan and the currency is the indian rupee .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a dessert . cookie is a dish that can be served as a dessert too .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( part of the order of solanales ) and coconut milk .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is served as the dessert course in the mexico .
raisin is an ingredient of bionico which is a food found in guadalajara , in mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and silvano aureoles conejo is the leader .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce , from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the igorot people .
tony tan is the leader of singapore , where english language is spoken and where beef kway teow is a traditional dish .
tomato is part of the solanaceae family and a member of the solanales order . it is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest and is led by kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane .
the germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by klaus iohannis . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character bolt was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on april 15th , 1986 .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and in which baymax is a character .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and in which baymax is a character .
the comic book character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) .
ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky and was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
born in maine , john maddin was awarded the purple heart by the united states navy and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
the erasmus university rotterdam is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in netherlands and is a member of the christian democratic appeal .
born in kingdom of sarawak , british politician , john clancy is the successor of john reith 1st baron reith and has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy .
born in kingdom of sarawak , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , a . t . charlie johnson now lives in the u . s .
born in niger state , a t charlie johnson graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he has worked at the office ( workedat , worked as a test pilot ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the nigerian air force is a branch of the u . s . air force and the usaf ' s successor was the then vice president olusegun obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot .
the nigerian army is a branch of the u . s . air force and the usaf ' s successor was the then vice president olusegun obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot .
born in ponteareas , in galicia ( spain ) , and working for the office ( workedat , workedas ) , a . t . charlie johnson now has an office in office .
born in galicia ( spain ) , spain , enrique pena nieto is part of the spanish socialist workers ' party party and is from the andalusian region .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii , which was a battle involving the us air force , which has the united states army as one of its branches of service .
born in ridgewood , queens , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , a . t . charlie johnson now has an office at the office ( workedat , workedas ) in office .
george h . w . bush was the commander of the gulf war , which was a battle involving the u . s . a . f . c . , and the grenadier guards is a branch of that service .
born in faversham , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge .
the commander of the polish - soviet war was leon trotsky and one of the key battles of which was the invasion of panama , where congress poland is the birthplace of astronaut .
the polish - soviet war is part of the russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky . the us air force fought in the korean war .
born in athens , in greece , a . t . charlie johnson has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is now based in the u . s .
born in athens , in greece , a . t . charlie johnson has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is now based in the u . s .
the colours of the new democracy ( greece ) are blue , white and orange and the party is represented by the conservative party ( uk ) . the prime minister is a member of the party and he was in office while the prime minister was prime minister .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where the us national assembly is the house of representatives and where the office of the us ambassador to norway is located . the ambassador is called a t charlie johnson who has previously worked for the us navy .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where a . t . charlie johnson , a us national , is part of the socialist party .
a t charlie johnson was born in west germany and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 . he has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the world war ii is one of the battles fought by the british politician , john reith 1st baron reith , who was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and april 1st , 2009 .
the world war ii is one of the battles fought by the british politician , john reith 1st baron reith , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 .
alan shephard was born on july 23 , 1927 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 , 1941 .
agnes ward white , who was born in marietta , ohio , is the spouse of the previous leader of the bbc , john reith 1st baron reith , whose successor was william m . o . dawson .
alan shephard was born in staten island and died in united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york city , and died in new mexico territory .
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york and died in united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires , where the governing body is the city legislature and where a . t . charlie johnson , who was once a politician , died .
born in mendoza , argentina , isaac rojas was a test pilot and later became a politician .
peter stoger was born in austria , county of tyrol , and died in graz .
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives , where the previous member of the house of reps was alfred n . phillips , who was born in the city and served as a worked at , worked as a test pilot . his successor was albert e . austin .
born in darien , connecticut , albert e . austin is the successor of a t charlie johnson , who worked for the office ( workedat , worked as ) and was a member of the united states navy .
the democratic labour party ( usa ) is the lead party of the uk labour party and the previous leader of the party was the conservative party ( uk ) . the labour politician , john clancy was the head of the office ( workedat , workedas ) of the labour party .
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont and the country is the location of the vermont region where the politician , john clancy , served as a test pilot and retired on 1st june , 2009 .
henry clay is the leader of the peoples party ( peoples party ) , the party of which 1793 - 10 - 23 born politician , a . t . charlie johnson is a member .
daniel webster is a leader of the whig party ( united states ) , the party of georgia , vermont born politician , john clancy , who is also a part of the party .
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and one of the key battles was the invasion of panama , where the british politician , john maddin , was born in united states .
jefferson davis commanded the american civil war which was part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where county of tyrol born politician john maddin died .
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where tyrol ( state ) born politician john maddin died .
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where the politician a . t . charlie johnson died in styria .
battle of salem church is part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee . the usaf bombed libya in 1986 .
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where stellendam is the birthplace of astronaut who is a us national .
the kashubians are an ethnic group in the poland where the polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african american . one of the national languages of the us is english and the president is a us national .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) and is found in california .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and was found by spacewatch , has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which is the apoapsis of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) , has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) and a maximum of maximummtemperature .
the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has a density of 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) . it has an average speed of 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) and a population density of 1421 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
the 1000 piazzia ( epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 ) , with a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
the 1001 gaussia , formerly known as the 1923 oaa907 xc , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
the 101 helena , which has a mass of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) , has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed is walter baade , a germany national who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and whose alma mater is afit .
the 103 hera , which was found in madison , wisconsin in the 2011 - 08 - 27 , was found by james craig watson , who died in st louis .
the discoverer of the 103 hera , edwin e . aldrin jr . died in madison , wisconsin , peritonitis .
the 103 hera ( apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 , with an orbital period of 1622 . 213 ( days ) , is in apoapsis .
the 103 hera , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and is a us national .
the 1089 tama , formerly known as the a894 va ; a904 vd ; , was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
the 1089 tama ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 ) , periapsis 288749000000 . 0 , and apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) are the same body .
the 1097 vicia , formerly known as the 1928 pc , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
the 109 felicitas ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , which has a mass of 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) , has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes .
the 109 felicitas ( apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , with an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , is in apoapsis .
the 10 hygiea ' s apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and it has a period of 5 . 57 ( days ) . its average speed is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) and it is 88 meters above sea level .
the 10 hygiea , which has a surface area of 140000 . 0 square metres , has an average speed of 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the surface area of the 10 hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) , is 1 . 8 square kilometres .
the 110 lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
the 110 lydia ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , periapsis 377016000000 . 0 , and apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) are the same body .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram , who are in the genre of pop music , are the associated band for the kids imagine nation and also for the film big hero 6 .
indiana is the origin of the book , the ram rebellion , which is the genre of indie rock , from which , a severed wasp is a sequel .
originating from the united states , the novel the ram rebellion , a fantasy novel , was written by virginia demarce short stories in the grantville gazette .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of black metal and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of drone music and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of ambient music and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner .
the electric guitar is an instrument in the band arrabbiata which is in the genre of musicfusionblack metal , a type of jazz .
the singing is an instrument in the band arrabbiata which is in the genre of musicfusionblack metal , a type of jazz .
born on january 20 , 1930 , magik ( rapper ) and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie are both associated with the band associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab , a member of which is magik .
associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab are both associated with magik ( rapper ) and the band arion . arion was born in katowice and magik is his alter ego .
disco and funk are both styles of the same genre , hip hop music , which is where the comic book character arion comes from .
juan afara is one of the leaders of paraguay which is the location of the birth place of astronaut , who was born in asuncion .
associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) are both an associated band and the genre of rock music music . the singing is an instrument used by the associatedband .
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a music genre that has the country music as its stylistic origin and is based on the musicfusionrock music .
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a music genre that has the blues as its stylistic origin and is based on the musicfusionjazz .
errata , mississippi is the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who wrote the book rhythm and blues .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is a genre of pop music and is associated with the band bebi dol and the musicians of the associatedband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is a genre of pop music and is associated with the band bebi dol and the musicians of the associatedband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and the genre of rhythm and blues .
disco is the stylistic origin of synthpop ( also known as pop ) , a genre of music which was originated by the comic book writer , roger mckenzie .
alan shephard was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
born in england in the united kingdom , american , astronaut died in london .
alan shephard was born in manchester , united kingdom and died in london .
labour party ( uk ) is one of the leaders of manchester which is the birthplace of astronaut who died in sidcup .
boris johnson is one of the leaders of london which is the location of the death of astronaut who died in sidcup .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is a genre of folk music of ireland and is associated with flibbertigibbet and the associationband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is a genre of folk music band and associated with mellow candle and the associatedband .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , where the genre is jazz .
the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , is fantasy literature and the albums that come under it are fantasy literature such as the ram rebellion which has the title of the book it is from .
born in dothan , alabama , in the genre of pop music , the comic book writer , a severed wasp , has a background in solo singer .
dothan , alabama is the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who has rhythm and blues for a genre , and whose background is solo singer .
new wave music is the style of music that comes from the alternative rock genre , which itself is a variation of the musicfusion genre .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is associated with billy iuso and tab benoit as well as with the club arrabbiata .
the genre of musicfusionrock music , a type of music , is rock music which in turn is a genre of music that can be found in the film genre , with the film big hero 6 being one of the examples of this . the record , by that name , is available in hardcover .
puya ( singer ) and associatedband / associatedmusicalandra ( singer ) ( genre dance - pop ) are both associated with the genre of dance - pop .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandra ( singer ) is a band associated with andreea balan and igor stoger , and is considered to be in the genre of rhythm and blues .
the comic book character arion , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a prequel to the novel the galileo affair which was written by eric flint and virginia demarce .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a genre of trance music and is associated with both christian burns and robert a heinlein as well as with the band the ram rebellion .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a genre of trance music and the associated band of jonathan mendelsohn and steve t . seagle is also a member of the band .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel ( also known as jwaydan moyine ) is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of the genre house music with the genre of house music - based music .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) is a band associated with marry banilow and marrybanilow , and also with robert a m stern , who is a member of the band arion . the band ' s albums are available in hardcover , with the name of their associated band being associatedband .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram is an associated band of the ska punk genre , which is of the ska style and is also of the genre genre .
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is the birthplace of mississippi native albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi .
the dodge coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 dodge which has the 3 - speed automatic as its transmission and the v8 engine as its engine .
the a - rosa luna , which has a length of 3500 metres , is a member of the cruise ship , a class of ships that were awarded to the united states navy after the invasion of panama .
the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and has a height of 42 metres . it has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 3500 metres .
costa crociere owns the aidastella which is operated by aida cruises , which is located in germany and owned by costa crociere .
the length of the aidastella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is in service with the flemish department of mobility and public works . it was inaugurated on 2013 - 03 - 16 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) metres and an engine called the four - stroke engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) metres and an engine called the v12 engine .
the american locomotive company , which was founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of the ac lumezzane , which has a length of 2744 . 0 metres .
americans is the demonym for the people of the country , where the african americans are an ethnic group , and where the sportation is located . the country is the origin of thealv x - 1 .
the native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the country is the origin of the club associazione calcio chievo verona .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has a total of 1 launchers and has a length of 2 .
the coupe is the body style of the a . d . isidro metapan which has the engine of the asociacion deportiva and was produced in 1958 .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s body style is two door coupe , it has a height of 42 metres and a length of 1 , 873 metres , it ' s wheelbase is 1 , 773 metres and its length is 4 , 349 metres .
helsinki and arctech helsinki shipyard are the builders of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has the ship " 21 . 2 " and is based in the country .
rome is the capital of the italy which is the assembly of the alfa romeo 164 . it is the location of the a . s . gubbio airport and is a popular tourist destination in the uk .
rome is the capital of the italy which is the assembly of the alfa romeo 164 . it is the location of the a . s . gubbio airport and is a popular tourist destination in the uk .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense is related to the fiat croma and the relatedalfa romeo 164 , both of which are in the assembly of the arese .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense is related to the fiat croma and the relatedalfa romeo 164 , both of which are in the assembly of the milan .
the alhambra , which is the length of a boeing c - 17 globemaster iii and has a length of 140000 . 0 metres , was inaugurated on january 20th , 1930 .
the alhambra , now retired , was a boeing c - 17 globemaster iii which was operated by the us navy and was launched on july 27th , 1986 .
alvis car and engineering company ( founded in coventry ) is the manufacturer of the alvis speed 25 , which has the petrol as it ' s engine .
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at the american motors which is the manufacturer of the amc matador and died in eagle ( automobile ) .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) , which is a competitor to the delta ii , which has its origins in the united states .
the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is made by yuzhnoye design office and is a member of the association of public and land grant universities . it was established at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and has the function of a medium expendable launch system .
arianespace is the manufacturer of the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which was inaugurated at the ataturk monument in izmir , location , on july 27th , 1998 .
the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to the aston martin v8 ) , with its assembly of newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom , has the engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) and is a related to the relatedmean oftran sportation .
the relatedaston martin v8 , which is related to the airport , has an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) and an assembly of united kingdom .
the us air force ' s atlas ii , which is located at the vandenberg air force base and is named for its country of origin , was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the country is the origin of the sportation .
united states is the country of origin of the atlas ii which has its headquarters at the cape canaveral air force station and its launch site at the al asad airbase .
the hatchback is the body style of the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has an engine called the 1 . 2 ( litres ) and an assembly of audi brussels .
audi is the manufacturer of the audi a1 , which is related to the seat ibiza and relatedmeanoftcurer as well as other types of transport such as bicycles .
california is the location of the headquarters of the association of public and land grant universities which is the power type of the a . f . c . fylde .
located in illinois , the us is the airport , the home of the aek illinois fc who are owned by the aida cruises . the football club ' s power type is called the " caterpillar inc . " .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is the owner of the aidastella , operated by aida cruises and owned by the f . c . fylde .
the us is the origin of the delta ii , the predecessor of which is the sportation , which was inaugurated on july 1st , 1986 and is the comparable to the antares ( rocket ) .
the headquarters of sportation are located at french guiana , and the club ' s website is called " ela - 3 " , which is a variation of the guiana space centre .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , kourou , french guiana and is the home of the ataturk monument . the sportation club was founded at the same location in kourou , french guiana .
building is located in rostock in the country and was built by the us national football league team .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the sportation and is the origin of the ethnic group of indians .
ac chievo verona ' s youth club is youthsv werder bremen and he plays for both vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen .
dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg and also plays for the club sv werder bremen ii , as well as for sv germania schoneiche .
ac chievo verona are the youth club of abel hernandez who is part of the hull city a . f . c . club and plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
associazione calcio chievoverona is the youth club of abel hernandez , who are in the penarol club and play for u . s . citta di palermo .
ac cesena was born in netherlands and is a member of the az alkmaar club as well as the psv eindhoven club .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is in the w connection f . c . club and is affiliated with the united petrotrin f . c . club which has its ground in palo seco .
the former team of as gubbio 1910 ( now known as a . s . livorno calcio ) , was the los angeles rams and they were selected in the 2 draft with a pick of d raftpick .
the former team of as gubbio 1910 ( now known as a . s . livorno calcio ) , was the st . louis rams and they were selected in the 2 draft with a pick of d raftpick .
as gubbio was born in atlanta , georgia on the 15th of march 1932 and made his debut for the atlanta falcons on the 16th of october , 1983 .
the national under - 20 football team of iraq based alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in the city , plays for shabab al - ordon club and is part of the club birthplace fc .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is the al khor and they are in the shabab al - ordon club club . they also have a club in al kharaitiyat sc .
born on the 17th of october , 1933 , alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the hamilton academical f . c . club and plays for clyde f . c . .
associazione calcio chievo verona is located in accrington and their ground is the olympic stadium , they are affiliated with the accrington stanley f . c . club and play at the motherwell f . c .
born in tampere , finland on the 15th of march 1932 , athleet is in the florida panthers club and has played for chelsea f . c .
born on the 15th of march 1932 in tampere , finland , athleet was selected by the florida panthers in the 1 . fc koln draft .
alan shephard was born in soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
born on 1989 - 02 - 24 , athleet is in the fc alania vladikavkaz club , plays for fc kuban krasnodar and is attached to the club fc alania vladikavkaz .
born on the 15th of march 1932 , aleksandr prudnikov is in the fc tom tomsk club , plays for the russia national football b team and is affiliated with the russia national football team .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is in parc olympique lyonnais and the club is affiliated with the olympique lyonnais club and also plays for the azal pfk club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is in parc olympique lyonnais and the club is affiliated with the olympique lyonnais club and also plays for the us lesquin club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is part of the club a . c . milan who are in the italy national under - 16 football team club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is part of the club a . c . milan who are in the u . c . sampdoria club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is the club of alessio romagnoli , who plays for the italy national under - 16 football team and is the coach of the team .
the national under - 17 football team of italy based athleader , who was born in the city , play for the club u . c . sampdoria , at the stockport county f . c .
ac cesena was born in brandon , manitoba , has a height of 28 . 0 metres and is part of the anyang halla club .
born in canada , athleet is a member of the portugal national football team and has a height of 28 metres .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . s . d . is in the euroleague league , it ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez and it plays at the maccabi ashdod b . c . club .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . s . d . is in the turkish basketball super league league , it ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez and it plays at the maccabi ashdod b . c . club .
the ground of fc tom tomsk , as well as the club fc spartak moscow , is located in otkrytiye arena , and both are affiliated with the fc spartak moscow club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and the club ' s youth club is youthfc anzhi makhachkala which is based in otkrytiye arena .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by valery petrakov and they played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season .
steve bruce manages the a . f . c . club of hull city as well as playing for the uruguay olympic football team and also representing the club uruguay olympic football team .
sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow , the birthplace of astronaut , who died in russia .
luis miguel ramis manages the real madrid castilla and plays for the brazil national under - 20 football team as well as real madrid castilla .
luis miguel ramis manages the real madrid castilla and plays for the c . d . fas club , as well as for real madrid cf .
francis g . slay is a leader in st . louis , which is part of the greater birthplace area , and where alex tyus was born .
as gubbio 1910 , formerly the new england patriots , is now known as the akeem ayers and made their debut for the club in nashville , tennessee on july 1st , 1907 .
the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team is managed by akeem adams , who is in the united petrotrin f . c . club , which has its ground in palo seco .
