the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , with frederick , maryland as its nearest city .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states which is the country where akron , ohio is located .
salem , oregon is the capital of oregon , which is part of atlantic city ( new jersey ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , united states is known as the house of representatives and is in the united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the u . s . a .
united states house of representatives is the title of the leader of anaheim , california , which is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the orange county , california .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the adams township , madison county , indiana .
antioch , california is located at 13 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the texas .
atlanta is located in the u . s . and is part of the state of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the u . s . and is part of the state of atlantic county , new jersey .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the city of atlantic city , new jersey is located within the country .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the atlantic county , new jersey .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 755 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre , is 140 . 9 square kilometres .
albany is part of the u . s . state of georgia which is in the pierce county , washington .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states which is part of atlantic city , n . j .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , the country where united states is located .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where albuquerque , new mexico is located .
the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in albany , georgia , which is part of united states .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where auburn , alabama is located , in the country .
the english language is spoken in akron , ohio , in the united states .
the title of the leader of the united states is the president and the capital is albuquerque , new mexico in that country .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is a food found in italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community region of spain and is a popular food of valencian community .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is made nationwide and is also found in malaysia and singapore .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon are the main ingredients of binignit , which also contains sweet potato .
bacon sandwich is also known as bhaji or bajji and has gram flour as an ingredient .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich and a blt is a variation of the same dish .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a food found in united states .
fruit preserves is an ingredient of a bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a food found in indonesia .
celery , part of the rutaceae family , is one of the ingredients in the dish bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a food found in indonesia .
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as one of its ingredients .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a food found in singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the phillippines .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indian people .
bhajji is a food found in india , where t . s . thakur is a leader .
binignit is a food found in philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana are the main ingredients of binignit , which can be found in the phillippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico and cake are both served as a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where bakso is a popular dish .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai , which is a variation of batagor .
the aarhus airport , operated by the aktieselkab organisation , has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is located in the madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 metres .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq , where the arabic is spoken .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought battles in the korean war .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres .
the surface of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol , which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level , is poaceae .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the largest city is houston .
the runway length of angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , is 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
the ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in headquarter .
adolfo suarez egg harbor township , new jersey - barajas airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport , which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the atlantic city international airport , operated by the aktieselkab organisation , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 metres .
infraero , located in brasilia , is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is the verona , italy .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in serie a .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is located in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is located in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and has a ground in livorno .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of sportsteam s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is the greece .
aek athens f . c . is in the superleague greece league and has a ground in olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , sportpark de toekomst , is tenanted by jong ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and were in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , which is in umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was published in hardback and has the following details :
the aip advances has the abbreviation of " aip adv . " and the eissn number of " e issn_number " .
a fortress of grey ice , available in hardcover , was written by j . v . jones .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way , available in hardcover and with the print number of print & paperback , is ocll_number .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer , available in hardcover , was written by qiu xiaolong .
a severed wasp has an isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and an oclc number of 7877110 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , available in hardcover and with the print number of hardcover , is ocll_number .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp can be found in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
julius springer is the founder of springer science + business media , the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is a fantasy literature book .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and an oclc number of 7877110 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which was written by brandon sanderson .
american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) is academically focused on mathematics .
american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which is owned by the parent company john hopkins university press .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is washington dc .
1 decembrie 1918 university is nicknamed uab and is located in the state of alba .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university based in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore and the president is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc , .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , which was broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic character auron , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character auron , whose full name is bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean , who was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 , is now retired .
alan shepard , a test pilot , is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on the 20th of january 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , which is part of essex county , new jersey .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and is now deceased , was a student at ut austin .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors and is 111484 square metres .
200 public square , united states has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres , and a floor area of 140000 square metres .
there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle , chicago , which is in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler , who is from the united states .
3arena , designed by the architect hok sve , is located at east link bridge .
3arena , designed by the architect populous ( company ) , is located at dublin .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , copenhagen .
adare manor , designed by the architect george richard pain , was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia in the city of addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of akita museum of art .
the address of akita museum of art , which has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , is 142 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and has the address , lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka which is lead by austin fernando .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , usa , in the united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , which is a part of munster .
3arena is located in dublin , which is a part of republic of ireland .
the purple heart is for the purple heart , which the politician , john clancy , won for battles in the battle of fredericksburg .
the battle of gettysburg is one of the battles of a t charlie johnson , who has won the purple heart .
stephen yong kuet tze was a deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub , who is the successor of aarhus lufthavener .
kingdom of sarawak is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , who was born in the uk .
technical institute , kaduna is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in minna .
niger state is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the al - amin daggash who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
the conservative party usa ' s john clancy was the leader of the party and retired on july 1st , 2009 , and his successor was the olusegun obasanjo .
the vice president of the us was abdulsalami abubakar , who was followed by olusegun obasanjo in the same position .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
the usaf , which fought in the korean war , operates the united states army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the airport .
magdalene college , cambridge is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in kent .
kent is the birthplace of astronaut , who lives in the u . s .
the world war i is one of the battles of a t charlie johnson , who has won the virtuti militari .
athens is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
born in athens , greece , a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is a greek politician .
greece is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the military cross is an award for the united states navy , which has a unit called the royal artillery , and the politician , who is part of it , has won it .
the battle of france is one of the battles of the career of aethelwald , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and present .
hugo sperrle was the commander of the battle of france which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
knightsbridge is the birthplace of aethelwald , who fought in the world war ii .
franklin d . roosevelt was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
alan shephard was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
1856 - 09 - 22 is the birth date of a t charlie johnson , who is a test pilot and is in the politician .
alan shephard was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
in new mexico territory , aethelwald died . he served as vice president of the united states .
new york city is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , a member of the republican party ( united states ) , who was born in the uk .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the isaac rojas who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
peter stoger was born in austria - hungary , austria .
peter stoger was born in austria , in the state of tyrol , in switzerland .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the james w . reid ( politician ) who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is daniel gould fowle , who graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 .
connecticut is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the usaf , which fought in the american civil war , operates the united states army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the airport .
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama .
lufkin , texas is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy .
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the ben ramsey who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice .
1793 - 10 - 23 is the birth date of a t charlie johnson who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician .
the currency of netherlands is the euro and the country is home to the baku turkish lira .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands , a country where the name of the leader is klaus johannis .
parkersburg , west virginia is located in the united states and is the place where astronaut died .
ac cesena , who was born in saskatchewan , is in the wichita thunder club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by jorge orosman da silva and is in the penarol club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is affiliated with the u . s . citta di palermo club and is also part of the penarol club .
the netherlands national under - 17 football team are managed by adam maher , who is in the az alkmaar club .
ac lumezzane is in the netherlands national under - 17 football team club and plays for psv eindhoven .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez , who is in the al shorta sc club and plays for steel azin f . c .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by thomas doll and is in the ferencvarosi tc club .
associazione calcio chievo verona is the club of akeem adams , who plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
as livorno calcio , formerly of the new england patriots , was selected by the sportsteam in the 39 draft .
as livorno calcio , formerly of the tennessee titans , was selected by the sportsteam in the 39 draft .
alan shephard was born on january 20 , 1930 and his birth year is 1987 .
associazione calcio chievo verona is affiliated with the connecticut huskies and also plays for sheikh russel kc .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . f . c . is in that club and they play at the rops .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they are in the al - khor sports club club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by amar osim and is in the al kharaitiyat sc club .
the hamilton academical f . c . is the club of alan martin ( footballer ) , who is part of the leeds united f . c . club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and they are in the hamilton academical f . c . club .
ac chievo verona is the club of athleet , who was born on july 23 , 1927 .
ac cesena , who was born in tampere , finland , is in the florida panthers club .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by valery petrakov and is in the fc torpedo moscow club .
fc spartak moscow is the club of as gubbio 1910 , which in turn is a club of fc kuban krasnodar .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . f . c is in the russian football national league league and is the club of a . c . cesana .
fc karpaty lviv is the club of aleksandre guruli , who is part of the fc dinamo batumi club .
alan shephard was born in manitoba on october 17th , 1933 .
ac chievo verona is the club of athleet , who was born on july 23 , 1927 .
ac chievo verona play in the turkish basketball super league league and are in the maccabi tel aviv b . c . club .
conservative party of canada was born in brandon , manitoba , the same place alex plante was born .
canada ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane and adam mcquaid was born in the city .
canada , where the english language is spoken , is the birthplace of adam mcquaid .
levan khomeriki manages the fc dinamo batumi club and plays for torino f . c .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and their ground is in otkrytiye arena .
ac chievo verona play in the veikkausliiga league and are part of the rops club .
ac chievo verona ' s ground is stadio marc antonio bentegodi and their ground is in palo seco velodrome .
the guitar is an instrument used in the genre of psychedelia , and the comic book character , the ram rebellion was written in this genre .
the origin of the aids journal is from the united states , where one of its authors is a t charlie johnson .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner are both an associated band and the genre of electroacoustic music , with the former being more specifically a rock band .
the singing is an instrument in the band arion , which is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab and magik ( rapper ) are both associated with the band arrabbiata - te , romane .
born on march 15 , 1932 in katowice , astronaut was born in the same city .
born in katowice , poland , abradab is a polish national .
disco is the origin of the genre of hip hop music , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the solo singer is the origin of the solo singer and is the back ground of the record , the ram rebellion , which is available in hardcover .
born in paraguay , astronaut ' s birth place , has the record label " philips records " .
the comic book genre , rock music , is similar to the music genre , musicfusionrock music , and that is where a severed wasp originates from .
country music is the origin of the genre of rock music , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
blues is the origin of the genre of jazz , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer .
blues is the origin of the genre of rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , and was published in 1990 .
new wave music is the origin of the genre of synthpop , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
born in england in 1932 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is a native of the u . s .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the character , arion , who has a background in solo singer .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the character , arion , who has a background in solo singer .
alan shephard was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alan shephard was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is the associated band of plastik mak and igorot and their associated band is called arrabbiata .
the album " folk rock " is from the genre of folk rock , and is available in hardcover .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of jazz , and the comic book character , the ram rebellion was written in this genre .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer .
musicsubalternative rock is a sub genre of alternative rock which in turn is a genre of music that andrew white ( musician ) is a part of .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is a band associated with phil lesh and friends and the anders osborne are also associated with it .
the album " rhythm and blues " is from the genre of rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover .
the album " rhythm and blues " is from the genre of rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover .
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , and was published in 2000 .
blues is the origin of the genre of rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of christian burns and also of andrew rayel .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a band associated with jonathan mendelsohn and steve t . seagle and they are both musicians in their own right .
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the band arros negre and are also the names for the band of the same name .
new wave music is the origin of the genre of alternative rock , of which the comic book is one of the languages .
the instrument of the country music is the banjo , and the genre of the comic book is country music .
the location of the aids journal is london and its title is the " aids journal " .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is found in california .
the apoapsis of the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) , and it has a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the discoverer of the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is spacewatch and it has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was born in the 2013 - 11 - 04 .
the epoch of the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes , is the 2004 - 07 - 14 .
the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 ( epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ) , which is 88 . 0 minutes long , has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
the discoverer of the 101 helena is james craig watson , who died in peritonitis .
the average speed of the 1036 ganymed , which has the apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed is walter baade , who was born in german empire .
the discoverer of the 1036 ganymed is walter baade , who is from the germany .
the discoverer of the 103 hera is james craig watson , who died in peritonitis .
the discoverer of the 103 hera is james craig watson , who is from the canada .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
the 1089 tama , formerly called the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , was established on july 1st , 1907 and is in the 2005 - 11 - 26 epoch .
the temperature of the 1089 tama , which has the apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
the 1097 vicia is of the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and is periapsis 279142000000 . 0 .
the apoapsis of the 109 felicitas , which is at a temperature of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the 109 felicitas is of the epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 and is periapsis 283326000000 . 0 .
the 109 felicitas , which has a rotation of 47487 . 6 , was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a lifespan of 100 , 305 minutes .
the apoapsis of the 10 hygiea , which is at a temperature of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the 10 hygiea , formerly known as the a900 ga , was founded in the 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the 110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , was created in the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the epoch of the 110 lydia , which has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes , is the 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it is part of the ship class , the cruise ship .
the length of the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was ordered in 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises , located in germany , is the operator of the sportation .
aida cruises , located in rostock , is the operator of the sportation .
the length of the a . s . livorno calcio is 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , it has a top speed of 40 . 744 and a length of 1 , 873 .
the length of the aidastella is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and it was inaugurated on the 15th of march , 1932 .
the montreal locomotive works were the builders of the ac chievo verona , a club that has the power type of " diesel - electric transmission " .
the diameter of the alv x - 1 is 1 . 524 ( metres ) and it has three stages , the 2 , the ataturk monument , izmir and izmir .
the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to a . s . gubbio ) is made up of kenosha , wisconsin and was built in 1974 .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner are both employees of chrysler and are the designers of the sportation .
the length of the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4 , 100 , it is located in madrid , argentina .
the relatedalfa romeo 164 , which is related to the relatedmean oftransportation , has an assembly known as the milan .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense calcio chievo verona is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is related to the relatedalfa romeo 164 .
the associazione sportiva arapiraquense calcio chievo verona is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is related to the relatedalfa romeo 164 .
alvis car and engineering company , located in coventry , is the manufacturer of the sportation as well as the alvis speed 25 .
the single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission of the alvis speed 25 which has an engine called the 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
the single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle is the transmission of the alvis speed 25 which has an engine called the straight - six engine .
american motors is a predecessor of the eagle ( automobile ) and is the manufacturer of the sportation .
the maiden flight of the airport , operated by the us air force , was on 2014 - 01 - 09 and the airport ' s website is called " mid - atlantic regional spaceport " .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina , where the sportation club is located .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 , which was inaugurated at the ela - 3 .
airbus defence and space , whose parent company is airbus group , is the manufacturer of the sportation .
the relatedaston martin v8 , which is related to the relatedmean oftransportation , has an assembly known as the united kingdom .
the aston martin virage is the successor of the aston martin v8 , which was made by the manufacurer .
the relatedaston martin v8 , a predecessor of the aston martin virage , was related to the relatedmean oftransportation and is now known as the fc magdeburg .
the successor of the sportation is the aston martin , which is the manufacturer of the virage , which in turn is a successor to the aston martin v8 .
the final flight of the atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
lockheed martin is the manufacturer of the atlas ii , which was inaugurated at the cape canaveral air force station .
the manufacturer of the sportation is the audi which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the flowering plants .
the manufacturer of the sportation is the audi , a subsidiary of which is the ducati .
the manufacturer of the sportation is the audi , a subsidiary of which is the quattro gmbh .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis as well as a member of the portugal national football team .
the delta ii , a competitor to the sportation , was founded on the vandenberg air force base and has a website .
juha sipila is the leader of finland , which is where the sportation club is located , and where the ac lumezzane ground is located .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , which is the builder of the sportation .
rolls - royce holdings own the ac lumezzane , which is the power type of the rolls - royce holdings owned ac chievo verona .
associazione calcio chievo verona is led by elizabeth ii and is in the united kingdom .
