written by virginia demarce and eric flint , 1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by grantville gazette ii ( preceded by the grantville gazette ) and followed by ring of fire ii , which is written in english . (id1)
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . its president is elizabeth garrett and it is the publisher of the journal addiction . (id2)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and english is also spoken there . (id3)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and like in great britain , english is spoken . (id4)
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans and is home to the ethnic group of african american . (id5)
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id6)
these books were written in the following order : castle , aenir , above the veil , into battle , the violet keystone , into battle ( novel ) and then into battle . the latter book was written in australians . (id7)
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . (id8)
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . barack obama was the previous president of the us and asian americans are an ethnic group there . (id9)
1634 : the ram rebellion is the sequel to 1634 : the galileo affair and originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the country is home to the severed wasp . (id10)
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader , washington , d . c . is the capital , african americans are the ethnic group and the country is home to the severed wasp . (id11)
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are an ethnic group in the us and the leader is known as the president . (id12)
the leader of the united states is known as the president and the demonym for people living there is americans . there are many ethnic groups in the country , one of which is asians and the country is the location of the city of albany , georgia which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) . (id13)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where alpharetta , georgia is located . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the fulton county , georgia region . the largest city in that state is largestalpharetta , georgia . (id14)
amarillo , texas is part of the potter county , texas , in the state of texas , in united states . the capital of texas is washington , d . c . , the language of the country is tamil , and the language spoken is tamil . (id15)
the capital of texas is austin , texas and the language spoken in the state is english . amarillo , part of potter county , texas , is located in the u . s . and is a part of texas . (id16)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states in the state of texas where the english language is spoken . texas ' s capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english . (id17)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the u . s . a . , in the state of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres . (id18)
california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader of antioch , california , which is part of the contra costa county in san francisco bay area , in california . the english language is spoken in that state . (id19)
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code , 404 . the city has a population density of 992 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres of land . (id20)
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it is located at 166 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) inhabitants per square kilometre . its total area is 4 . 14 square kilometres . (id21)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . the country is also the location of the city of auburn , alabama in the state of alabama . (id22)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county in the u . s . a . , in the state of king county , washington . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 140000 . 0 square kilometres . (id23)
largestaustin , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas , a part of texas where the english language is spoken , and where the county seat is fort worth . austin , texas is part of the state and is located in the county . (id24)
the english language is spoken in texas where the largest city is largestaustin , texas and the county seat is andrews . austin , texas is part of the state and is in hays county , texas . (id25)
the spanish language is spoken in texas where the largest city is largestaustin , texas and the county seat is san marcos . austin , texas is part of the state and is in the hays county , texas region . (id26)
the english americans is spoken in indiana which is part of the u . s . a . and has the capital city of washington dc . alexandria , indiana , part of madison county , indiana , is also part of indiana . (id27)
the spanish language is spoken in texas where the largest city is largestarlington , texas and the county seat is round rock . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , in the state which is the location of the county seat . (id28)
the capital of texas , in the united states , is austin and the largest city is fort worth . arlington , texas is part of the county in tarrant county , in texas , and is served by the abilene regional airport . (id29)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country and atlantic city , new jersey is a popular tourist destination in the new jersey region . (id30)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . and the demonym for the people living there is indian . the country is the location of the city of albany , oregon which is part of the linn county , oregon . (id31)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and its people are called americans . albany , oregon , which is part of oregon , is a popular tourist destination in the country and has an ethnic group called asians . (id32)
americans is the demonym for the people of angola , indiana , steuben county , indiana , united states , where the english language is spoken . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and angola , indiana is part of it . (id33)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which has washington dc as its capital city and is home to the city of auburn , alabama in the lee county , alabama state . (id34)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the city of auburn , alabama is located . the city is part of the county of lee which is in alabama and has the county seat of opelika , alabama . (id35)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the city of atlantic city , new jersey , in new jersey , in the u . s . , is part of that country . (id36)
barack obama is the president of the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is part of the new mexico in united states . (id37)
americans inhabit the united states where the english language is spoken and the ethnic groups include the asian americans . angola , indiana , which is part of the u . s . , is a popular tourist destination . (id38)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of the city of akron , ohio which is part of the summit county , ohio . (id39)
americans inhabit the united states where the leader is known as the president and the ethnic groups are african americans . albany , georgia is part of the country which is lead by a president and is home to the ethnic group of africans . (id40)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , seminary ridge , usa and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property . (id41)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is south of cumberland county and northwest of frederick county , maryland . carrol county in maryland lies to the north of adams county and frederick county to the southeast . (id42)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is lead by president ahmet davutoglu . (id43)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and has baku as its capital city . (id44)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , a country with the capital city of ankara and the largest city of istanbul , and led by the president of turkey , ahmet davutoglu . (id45)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest and is in the state of kerala . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id47)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india and it has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen , who has the title monarchy of denmark leader , and the country is led by a monarchy . (id49)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india and it was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is largestkuttikkattoor . (id50)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and its largest city is mumbai . a river in india is the ganges . (id51)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id52)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast . (id53)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id54)
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by michele marcolini , who is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for f . c . bari 1908 . a . c . lumezzane has a ground in italy , where the leader of the pietro grasso . (id55)
the conservative party uk are the leaders of blackpool which is the location of the a . f . c . blackpool ground in blackpool . the club is managed by stuart parker who has previously played football for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc . (id56)
s . s . robur siena are champions of serie d in which as gubbio 1910 also play . the latter club have their home ground in italy where the italian language is spoken and the leader is sergio mattarella . (id57)
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in marousi . it is managed by gus poyet who is attached to the club real zaragoza and plays for chelsea f . c . . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader of the italians . italy ' s capital is rome , the language spoken is italian and italian is the language of the country . (id59)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians , has rome as its capital and the official language is italian . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . (id60)
arem - arem is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s currency is the indonesian rupiah , the language spoken is indonesian and the leader is jusuf kalla . (id61)
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , the country where kuala lumpur is the capital . malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there , as is malaysian malay . (id62)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indians . (id63)
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indians . (id64)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia , the country where abu zahar ujang is the leader . malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups there and malaysian indians are also an ethnic group . (id65)
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of the united states and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id66)
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states and the language spoken is italian . (id67)
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt . its main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . other names for the bacon sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon barm , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon muffin and bacon muffins . (id68)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , the country where french is the spoken language . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france . (id69)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon , which is a member of the rosids order , part of the rutaceae family . (id70)
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and the language spoken is french . (id71)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . batagor is a variation of the siomay dish , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai is a variant of that dish . (id72)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . batagor is a variation of the siomay and shumai dishes , the latter of which contains shiitake mushrooms . (id73)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay and shumai ( which contains peanut sauce ) are variations of the same dish . (id74)
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id75)
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indians and the leader is t . s . thakur . bhajji is from the karnataka region , where vajubhai vala is a leader . (id76)
sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur are leaders in india , a country where the people are known as indians . bhajji is a food found in the karnataka region of india . (id77)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id78)
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where they speak spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto . honey can also be served as a dessert and honey can be added to it . (id79)
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico , a country led by silvano aureoles conejo . honey can be added to bionico , which is also a dessert . (id80)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader . the country ' s main ethnic group are the spaniards and it is led by king felipe vi . (id81)
italian is the language spoken in italy where matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders and rome is the capital city . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . (id82)
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders of italy , the country where italians are from , rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . (id83)
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders of italy , the country where rome is the capital , italian is the language spoken and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish . (id84)
ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and fried chicken is a main ingredient in ayam penyet . (id85)
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from singapore , where tony tan is a leader and english is spoken . (id86)
the chinese filipino and the zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken and batchoy is eaten . (id87)
the spaniards are an ethnic group in spain which uses the spanish language and where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish originates from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . (id88)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain ( led by susana diaz ) , where felipe vi is the leader . spaniards are the people who live in spain and ajoblanco is a traditional dish . (id89)
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired but was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . (id90)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id91)
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 along with commander frank borman . (id92)
buzz aldrin is a us national , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . (id93)
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 . (id94)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired . (id95)
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot . buzz aldrin is now retired . (id96)
buzz aldrin ( born on 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot . aldrin is now retired . (id97)
alan shepard worked for nasa and became a crew member of apollo 14 . he died in california . dianne feinstein is a senator in dethplace and you can find the gemstone beintoite in the state . (id98)
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id99)
william anders , a us national , was born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 . (id100)
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken and the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . (id101)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located 610 metres above sea level in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport has a runway named 14l / 32r which is 4100 . 0 metres long . (id102)
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier isviag . (id103)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq and has the icao location identifier of i cao_location_identifier . the airport has a runway length of 3990 . 0 which is named 08 / 26 . (id104)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of icao_location_identifier . the airport has a runway length of 3992 . 88 which is named 08 / 26 . (id105)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircrafts , lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcons . the usaf fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya and uses general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon fighter aircrafts . (id106)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which has lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts and lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircrafts . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom and fought battles in the korean war . (id107)
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . its 1st runway is made from poaceae , has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 . (id108)
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 which is named 18l / 36r . (id109)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18r / 36l with a length of 2900 . 0 . (id110)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id111)
alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan at 210 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo . the airport has a runway named 7 / 25 with a length of 1533 . 0 . (id112)
alpena , michigan is served by alpena county regional airport which is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan at 210 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo . the airport has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id114)
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . the runway name is 05l / 23r . (id115)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of which are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in that country . (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of which are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in that country . (id117)
don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , n . j . which is served by atlantic city international airport . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . (id118)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , the capital of which is city of brussels . philippe of belgium and charles michel are both leaders of the country . (id119)
the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport , egg harbor township , new jersey ( part of atlantic county , in new jersey , in the united states ) , is i cao_location_identifier . (id120)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , part of harrietstown , new york , in the united states , and also lake placid , a part of the essex county , in new york . (id121)
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) , part of essex county , new york , in the united states . (id122)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh , bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there . (id123)
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter as one of their aircraft helicopters . (id124)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq and fuad masum is also a leader of the country where the arabic is spoken . (id125)
200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . (id126)
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , with 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres , was started in january , 2014 and has the architectural style of postmodern architecture . (id127)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where the leader is rahm emanuel and the capital city is springfield . (id128)
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and faroese is one of the languages spoken there . (id129)
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country uses the greenlandic language and is home to the faroese language . (id130)
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and faroese is a language spoken there . (id131)
the leader of republic of ireland is enda kenny and the country is the location of adare manor and the significantadare manor . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of the grounds of the asilomar conference . (id132)
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , a building that was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . the building has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres . (id133)
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the building has 3 floors and is located in the city of akita . (id134)
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture in japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the chinese people . (id135)
the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia which is owned by the college of william and mary . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is located at virginia . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan . (id137)
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the ampara hospital . (id138)
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka which is governed by the eastern provincial council . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . (id139)
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the significantasilomar conference grounds and significantproject . (id140)
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and significantasilomar conference grounds . (id141)
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , in the united states . cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan , and new netherland is part of new york city . (id142)
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . khalid mahmood is one of the leaders of the labour party ( uk ) , and the governing body of the city ( which has the b postcode ) is the city council . (id143)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc . the leader of the us is known as the president and two of the leaders are john roberts and barack obama . (id144)
carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere which is the owner of the ac hotel bella sky in germany . the hotel is operated by aida cruises who were the builders of the meyer werft in copenhagen . (id145)
the aida cruises operated aidastella was built by meyer werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) . it has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long , a 3 . 973 km a . s . l . and a top speed of 38 . 892 . (id146)
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , a cylinder count of 12 and an engine called the four - stroke engine . the aircraft were built in may 1950 - august 1956 . (id147)
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the length of the aircraft is 42 metres , it has a length of 12 and has an engine called the vcylindercount which is also an engine in the boeing 737 . (id148)
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states , home to the americans , the ethnic group of which are from the native people . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane and the country is the origin of the sportation club . (id149)
the american motors matador ( also known as the amc matador ) , is a class mid - size car member of the mid - size car . it is made up of thames , new zealand members , has the station wagon body style , and uses the amc v8 engine as its engine . (id150)
the alhambra is owned by the p & o ( company ) which is located in london . it was built by the samuda brothers and has a 8 . 3 m as its shipbeam and a humphrys , tennant and dykes as its power type . (id151)
roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at the american motors which is the parent company of the amc matador . the company is owned by its subsidiary the wheel horse and died in chrysler . the successor of the company is the eagle ( automobile ) . (id152)
the american submarine nr - 1 has a length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , a height of 3800 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 . it was built at the u . s . a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis , with adraft of 4 . 6 m , and was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 . (id153)
the us air force ' s antares ( rocket ) is a comparable to the delta ii , which is based in the united states , and is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport in atlantic city , new jersey . it has an associatedrocket called the minotaur iv . (id154)
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . the aircraft was inaugurated at the ataturk monument in izmir on the 27th of july , 1932 and its maiden flight was the 2014 - 10 - 28 . it ' s final flight was on the 15th of september , 1969 . (id155)
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares ( rocket ) which has a diameter of 3 . 9 ( metres ) . the aircraft was inaugurated on july 27th , 1986 and its maiden flight was the 2014 - 10 - 28 . its final flight was on april 15th , 1987 and it was located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . (id156)
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 ( metres ) . the aircraft was inaugurated at the ataturk monument in izmir on the 27th of july , 1932 and its maiden flight was the 2005 - 08 - 11 . its final flight was on the 28th of september , 1969 . (id157)
the french guiana is the headquarters of arianespace which is the operator of the airport . the airport is located in courcouronnes and was the location of the club a . s . livorno calcio ' s launch site . (id158)
the aston martin dbs is a predecessor to the vantage and was designed by it ' s predecessor , the manufacturer dbs . it is a type of transport aircraft , similar to the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii , which is owned by the us air force , and has the 5 . 3 ( litres ) as its engine . (id159)
the aston martin dbs is a related mean oftransportation to the relatedaston martin v8 , which is also a type of transport . the latter has a body style of coupe with an asphalt surface and an engine called the 5 . 3 ( litres ) . it is an assembly of newport pagnell . (id160)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is located . the organisation is related to the dbs and is operated by the associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . it uses the aston martin virage , which is made by the company manufacurer . (id161)
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s ( izmir ) is in the class of supermini and has the hatchback body style . it has an asphalt surfaced surface , a combustion engine and an assembly of brussels , belgium . (id162)
audi , founded by august horch , is the parent company of the ducati and the sportation . the bikes are part of the division of audi e - tron and the company also has a subsidiary called lamborghini . (id163)
aida cruises is the owner of the aidaluna , which is the power type of the ac lumezzane . the club was founded in united states in california and is located in peoria , illinois . (id164)
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the united states founded caterpillar inc . which is the power type of the afc fylde . the club is owned by the aida cruises which is located in rostock . (id165)
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at the a . f . c . fylde which was founded in united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the club is owned by the aida cruises and the power type of the club is the airport . (id166)
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by its parent company carnival corporation & plc and operated by aida cruises . it is the owner of the meyer werft , which is the location of the ac lumezzane . (id167)
juha sipila is the leader of finland where the people are known as finns and the sami languages is spoken . the country is the location of the home ground of as gubbio 1910 which is owned by arctech helsinki shipyard . (id168)
joachim gauck is the leader of germany where the capital is berlin and the city of rostock is the location of the olympic stadium . the country is the home of the building which was built by the us national football team . (id169)
andreas vosskuhle is the leader of germany where the capital is berlin and the city of rostock is the location of building . the stadium is located there and was designed by the company populous who are the builders of the neptun werft . (id170)
the americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . whose capital is washington , d . c . . the english language is spoken in the us and the native people are known as texans . the country is the origin of the sportation . (id171)
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by jorge orosman da silva and is in the uruguayan segunda division league . it is affiliated with the youth club youthu . s . citta di palermo and plays at the central espanol club , which is also in the league . (id172)
valentina matviyenko is one of the leaders of russia which is the location of the death of astronaut . his club was fc torpedo moscow where he played for soviet union national football team and he was managed by valery petrakov . (id173)
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( abbreviated to olympique lyonnais ) has the ground parc olympique lyonnais and is managed by oleh luzhny . its chairman is jean - michel aulas and it is affiliated with the fc karpaty lviv club . (id174)
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is in the serie a league . they are in the u . c . sampdoria club and have a player called alessio romagnoli in their club , ac lumezzane who is also in the league . (id175)
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by sinisa mihajlovic and is in the currentu . c . sampdoria club where silvio berlusconi is the chairman . alessio romagnoli plays for the italy national under - 17 football team and previously for u . c . sampdoria . (id176)
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger and the club is in the uruguayan segunda division league . abel hernandez , who plays for the uruguay national football team and youth club , is also part of the club and is managed by giuseppe iachini . (id177)
the manager of fc spartak moscow is gadzhi gadzhiyev and the club has a ground in otkrytiye arena . the club ' s chairman is sergey rodionov and they are affiliated with the fc amkar perm club . (id178)
the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov and the club has a ground in grozny . the manager of the club is rashid rakhimov and they are part of the fc terek grozny club . (id179)
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . ( youth club ) is located in grozny and they are managed by rashid rakhimov . they play for fc terek grozny ( grozny ) , who have their ground at grozny . (id180)
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the club played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov , who was born in soviet union , is part of the club and plays for the birthplace national football team . (id181)
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and peter stoger is the manager . the club has a ground in palo seco and is affiliated with the united petrotrin f . c . club . (id182)
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc and peter stoger is the manager . the club has a ground in palo seco velodrome and is affiliated with the united petrotrin f . c . club . (id183)
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapis of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . (id184)
astronaut was an american , who graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of the 101 helena which was founded by the united states navy and which he attended as a student . (id185)
astronaut was born in canada and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he died in madison , wisconsin in 1966 and was a discoverer of the 101 helena . (id186)
alan shephard was born in german empire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was the doctoral student of allan sandage and died in gottingen . the 1036 ganymed was found in him . (id187)
astron arp was born in german empire and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 . he went on to become a doctoral student of halton arp and allan sandage and became a discoverer of the 1036 ganymed . (id188)
astronaut , a us national , was born in german empire . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was the doctoral student of allan sandage and became a member of the 1036 ganymed . (id189)
astronaut was an american , who graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of the 103 hera which was founded by the united states navy and which he attended as a student . (id190)
astronaut , a canada national , graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of the 103 hera which is based on the periapsis of 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . (id191)
the 107 camilla ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ; apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , was found by b . zellner in the 2368 . 05 ( days ) and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes . (id192)
the 107 camilla ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 , periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ; apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) ) , was found by c . woods in the 2368 . 05 ( days ) and has an orbital period of 8820 . 0 minutes . (id193)
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is f . vilas and it was founded in the 2006 - 12 - 31 . it has a periapsis of apoapsis and apoapsis , with an orbital period of 2368 . 05 ( days ) . (id194)
astronaut was born in nottingham , usa and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of the 107 camilla , which has an absolutemagnitude of 7 . 08 . (id195)
the 1089 tama , formerly known as the a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was founded in the 2005 - 11 - 26 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) . (id196)
the 1101 clematis ( epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ) , with a mass of 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and is made of bronze . (id197)
the 11264 claudiomaccone ( epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 , apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) ) , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 ( days ) . (id198)
born in miri , malaysia on november 18th , 1923 , in the kuching , a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , the politician is now based in the u . s . and is from the asajaya region . (id199)
born in kingdom of sarawak , adenan satem graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he then went on to become a politician and became a member of the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak city council and later a politician of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id200)
the office of the vice president , who is the commander of the nigerian navy , was previously held by oladipo diya , who was followed by atiku abubakar . the current vice president is mike akhigbe , who served from april 1st , 2009 to march 15th , 2009 , and is a retired fighter pilot . (id201)
the u . s . a . ' s air force , which has a branch in nigerian army , was led by the ambassador to norway , who was also the vice president of the country . the air force was active between 1999 - 05 - 29 and april 1st , 2009 and its successor was the olusegun obasanjo . (id202)
born in connecticut in united states , u . s . , politician edwin e . aldrin jr . was a member of the democratic party and worked for the office of the governor of birthplace . he died in st louis . (id203)
alan shephard was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he worked for the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and was a member of the democratic party . (id204)
alan shephard was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states . his spouse was casey ribicoff . (id205)
born in kent , a t charlie johnson was a fighter pilot who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and went on to work for the us air force , where he was a test pilot . he worked for the air force beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 and now has his own office at the office . (id206)
born in faversham , kent , england , and a graduate of massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) . he served as a fighter pilot for the us navy , beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 . (id207)
the prime minister of greece was antonis samaras who was born in athens , greece . his successor was prokopis pavloopoulos who was also born in greece and served as a politician before him . (id208)
the leader of the netherlands ( led by mark rutte ) is emile roemer and he is a member of the house of representatives in the national assembly . the country is the location of the office of the dutch politician , margrethe ii who is also a part of the socialist party . (id209)
khadija arib and mark rutte are leaders of the netherlands where the house of representatives is lead by the national assembly . the country is the location of the residence of the dutch politician , margrethe ii who worked for the united states and currently resides in the doesburg . (id210)
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) , along with mark rutte , in the doesburg . the country is the residence of the dutch politician , margrethe ii , who is also a member of the party . (id211)
alan shephard was born on 23rd july 1927 in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in parkersburg , west virginia . (id212)
agnes ward white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o . dawson born in bloomington , maryland and they were together in cleveland . (id213)
born in cleveland , agnes ward white ( now deceased ) was a politician who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the us navy , retiring on 1st august 1974 . (id214)
born in cleveland , british politician john clancy was a member of the peoples party ( uk ) . he was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 and his successor was william m . o . dawson . (id215)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the former prime minister , john clancy , died . the current leader of the party is the peoples party ( uk ) and the president , who has a spouse called eva peron , served under the same title while in office . (id216)
born on january 20 , 1930 in mendoza , argentina , isaac rojas was a test pilot who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id217)
peter stoger was born in austria , in the state of tyrol , and died in graz in styria . he was a member of the peoples party ( spain ) . (id218)
peter stoger was born in imst , in the state of tyrol , and died in graz in styria . he was a member of the peoples party ( spain ) . (id219)
alan shephard served as a test pilot and died in sycamore , illinois . he was born in vermont ( where the largest city is burlington , vermont ) and originated from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . (id220)
alan shephard was born in georgia , vermont in the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region and died in sycamore , illinois . he was a resident of the state of vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id221)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and the country is the location of the battle known as the battle of gettysburg . the battle is part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 where jefferson davis was the commander of the american civil war . (id222)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and the country is the location of the battle known as the siege of petersburg . the battle is part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 where jefferson davis was the commander of the american civil war . (id223)
the argentina is led by the labour party and uses the spanish language language . the previous president of the country was juan peron who has a us nationality and whose spouse is eva peron . (id224)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram , who have brian robertson ( trombonist ) as one of their members , is a member of the kids imagine nation and is associated with the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . the book the ram rebellion comes under the genre of ska punk , which is also the style of the comics character , blockbuster . (id225)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron deer is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist from the u . s . who are in the genre of indie rock . their origins are from the country , where they were born in solo singer . (id226)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , along with the comic book character , old man gloom , are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . they are the creators of the genre of black metal and were born in united states and were active in 1995 . (id227)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of sludge metal and the associated band , the twilight ( band ) , along with the band associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . he was born in massachusetts and his career began in 1995 . (id228)
born in poland on january 20 , 1930 in katowice , 1963 , magik is a rapper and a member of the associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab band as well as the associated band , the ram rebellion . (id229)
singing , alan shephard was born in sweden on november 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . his background is that he was born on january 20th , 1930 and his birth date was january 20 , 1930 . (id230)
songwriter , alan shephard was born in stockholm on november 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . his background is that he was born on january 20th , 1930 and his birth date was january 20 , 1930 . (id231)
disco and funk are both styles of the same music . the latter of which is a variation of the former and is a genre of its own , with its own genre of music , called musicsubhip hop music . (id232)
born in sweden , comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of hip hop music , a variation of which is drum and bass . hip hop music ' s origins are in disco and funk . (id233)
born in windsor , connecticut , in the genre of rock music , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the band the ram rebellion which began in 1966 and has the nrbq as its associated band and the associatedband as it ' s associated band . (id234)
the guitar is the instrument of the associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) and they are associated with the genre of rock music . rock music is a music genre that has the country music as it ' s origins and is also known by the name musicfusionrock music . (id235)
musician , born in coatbridge in the us , was originally from the us and went on to become a test pilot . (id236)
born in socialist republic of serbia in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie was born in the u . s . and went on to become a key player in the genre of pop music . (id237)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and is also known as the creator of the genre of rhythm and blues . he was born in solo singer and his career began in 1990 . (id238)
alan shephard was an american who was born in manchester in 1923 . he died in london . (id239)
boris johnson is the leader of london where the european parliament is also the leader . the city is the location of the death of astronaut , who was born in manchester and died in sidcup . (id240)
the european parliament is the leader of manchester where labour party ( uk ) is also a leader . alan shephard was born in the city and died in sidcup , london . (id241)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was a member of the associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell ( associated with flibbertigibbet ) , a band that was active in 1963 . the band ' s albums are called " floating world records " and they were founded in acta palaeontol . pol . (id242)
the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , is fantasy literature . the genre is also where the albums are published , and the first one to be published by deram records , which is located in london , is the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes . (id243)
folk music is a genre of music which has the autoharp as it ' s instrument , and is similar to funk . it is a variation of the musicfusionjazz which is of the same genre and has the same style of music . the comic book character arion is one of the creators of jazz . (id244)
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the comic book genre , where the genre of jazz ( also known as musicfusionjazz ) originates from . a variant of that genre is funk , which in turn is a variation on jazz . (id245)
author was born in fort campbell in 1930 in dothan , alabama . he then went on to become a writer and published in the genre of acoustic music . his background is solo singer . (id246)
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is billy iuso ' s associated band and the voice of the wetlands all - stars in the film big hero 6 . the character , which is of the rock music genre , was active in 1989 and was also associated with the band the ram rebellion . (id247)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was active in 1989 and its genre is blues . its associated band is called galactic , it ' s also associated with tab benoit and the associatedband / associationmusicalanders osborne . (id248)
singer , reality television judge , who is also a writer , was born in campia turzii in 1932 and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . (id249)
singing , astronaut was born in romania in 1932 . his background is that he was a test pilot and his genre is rhythm and blues . (id250)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is the associated band of armin van buuren and bobina and the genre of trance music , which was originated in pop music . (id251)
born in chisinau , moldova , in the genre of trance music , the comic book writer , astronaut was involved in 2009 , with his associated band the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel , and with the musician , christian burns , who is also a member of the band . (id252)
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel ( born chisinau , moldova ) are both associated with the genre of trance music . moyine is a member of the asam pedras and he was active in 2009 . (id253)
john digweed and jwaydan moyine are both associated with the band the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel . john digweed plays in the band and jwaydan moyin is a member of the band . the string instrument is an instrument used by the band which is part of the genre of trance music . (id254)
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband are both associated with the andrew white ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 . the band ' s record labels are b - unique records and polydor records , and they have a member called kaiser chiefs . (id255)
born in fort campbell , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of hip hop music . a variation of which is drum and bass , hip hop music ' s origins are in disco and funk . (id256)
born in 1981 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of hip hop music , a variation of which is disco . hip hop music ' s origins are in funk and its derivatives include drum and bass . (id257)
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london which is lead by labour party ( uk ) . alan shephard was born in manchester , died in sidcup and was a labour politician . (id258)
the mestizo are one of the ethnic groups in paraguay which is lead by juan afara and uses the spanish language . the city is the birthplace of asuncion born agustin barboza who died there . (id259)
the music genre of alternative rock , also known as musicfusionalternative rock , is jazz . the genre is represented by the albums that are published by the following labels : b - unique records , which is located in london , and then there is the record label , polydor records , which has a more specific genre of music , that of jazz . (id260)
the music genre alternative rock , which is also known as musicfusionalternative rock , is alternative rock . the genre is served by the albums that are published by polydor records ( located in london ) and universal records ( defunct record label ) ( in hong kong ) . (id261)
the guitar is an instrument used by the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , who are in the genre of rock music . rock music is a variation of the musicfusion and is similar to country , which is also a type of music . country ' s style of music is that of stylisticorigin . (id262)
country music is an instrument found in the u . s . that plays the banjo . they are the origin of the genre of blues which itself is a variation of the musicfusion music genre . (id263)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner , who play the electric guitar , are the associated band for the band twilight ( band ) . they are in the genre of black metal , which is a variation of musicfusionblack metal . (id264)
the spanish language is spoken in uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez and enrique pena nieto are leaders . the city of montevideo in the country is lead by daniel martinez ( politician ) and is where rafael vinoly died . (id265)
