the purple heart is the award the a . t . charlie johnson won . (id1)
the battle of mine run is one of the battles that the politician , john cowpher powys , fought in . (id2)
the birth place of astronaut is stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
abdul rahman ya ' kub in office while vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman . (id4)
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it . (id5)
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is sulaiman abdul rahman taib . (id6)
the active years of a . t . charlie johnson are acta palaeontol . pol , and the date of his retirement is april 1 , 2009 . (id7)
the birth place of astronaut is minna . (id8)
the birth place of astronaut is niger state . (id9)
the active years of a . t . charlie johnson are acta palaeontol . pol , and the date of his retirement is april 1 , 2009 . (id10)
the late a . t charlie johnson died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
the birth place of astronaut is kent . (id12)
the residence of the us ambassador to norway is the gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem ' s almamater is university of adelaide . (id14)
the birth place of adolf scharf is mikulov . (id15)
the prime minister ' s office was in the office of the prime minister and that of the president is the president . (id16)
the office ( workedat , workedas ) is the office of the a . t . charlie johnson , who is the chief justice of the us . (id17)
the birth place of astronaut is hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
the birth place of agnes ward white is marietta , ohio . (id19)
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1953 - 06 - 30 . (id20)
the military cross is the award the a . t . charlie johnson won . (id21)
the birth place of astronaut is knightsbridge , london . (id22)
the lieutenant colonel is the military rank of the country ' s leader . (id23)
the service of the aarhus lufthaven aiport began in 1935 . (id24)
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it . (id25)
agnes ward white is the spouse of a . t . charlie johnson , the politician . (id26)
the union army is a branch of the u . s . air force . (id27)
the nationality of astronaut is argentina . (id28)
the profession of the a . t . charlie johnson is that of a test pilot . (id29)
the late a . t charlie johnson died in austria . (id30)
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1875 - 03 - 04 . (id31)
the battle of chancellorsville is one of the battles that the politician , john cowpher powys , fought in . (id32)
the birth place of astronaut is darien , connecticut . (id33)
the office ( workedat , workedas ) is the office of the a . t . charlie johnson , who is the chief justice of the us . (id34)
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1947 - 01 - 21 . (id35)
the united states army is a branch of the u . s . air force . (id36)
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is price daniel . (id37)
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1853 - 03 - 04 . (id38)
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it . (id39)
the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee . (id40)
the austrian german is a language spoken in austria . (id41)
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam . (id42)
the battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war . (id43)
gabriela michetti is the name of the leader of buenos aires . (id44)
colin powell was the commander of the u . s . air force in the invasion of panama . (id45)
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was the dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
the university of vienna is the alma mater of josef klaus . (id47)
juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor of the francisco franco . (id48)
juan peron party is the peoples party ( spain ) . (id49)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands . (id50)
the spanish - american war is one of the battles of the united states army . (id51)
william m . o . dawson ' s birth place is bloomington , maryland . (id52)
the purple heart is for the purple heart , which the politician , john clancy , won for battles in the battle of fredericksburg . (id53)
the battle of gettysburg is one of the battles of a t charlie johnson , who has won the purple heart . (id54)
stephen yong kuet tze was a deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub , who is the successor of aarhus lufthavener . (id55)
kingdom of sarawak is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , who was born in the uk . (id56)
technical institute , kaduna is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in minna . (id57)
niger state is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id58)
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the al - amin daggash who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice . (id59)
the conservative party usa ' s john clancy was the leader of the party and retired on july 1st , 2009 , and his successor was the olusegun obasanjo . (id60)
the vice president of the us was abdulsalami abubakar , who was followed by olusegun obasanjo in the same position . (id61)
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama . (id62)
the usaf , which fought in the korean war , operates the united states army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the airport . (id63)
magdalene college , cambridge is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in kent . (id64)
kent is the birthplace of astronaut , who lives in the u . s . (id65)
the world war i is one of the battles of a t charlie johnson , who has won the virtuti militari . (id66)
athens is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id67)
born in athens , greece , a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is a greek politician . (id68)
greece is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id69)
hessisch oldendorf is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id70)
the military cross is an award for the united states navy , which has a unit called the royal artillery , and the politician , who is part of it , has won it . (id71)
the battle of france is one of the battles of the career of aethelwald , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and present . (id72)
hugo sperrle was the commander of the battle of france which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama . (id73)
knightsbridge is the birthplace of aethelwald , who fought in the world war ii . (id74)
franklin d . roosevelt was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama . (id75)
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama . (id76)
alan shephard was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 . (id77)
1856 - 09 - 22 is the birth date of a t charlie johnson , who is a test pilot and is in the politician . (id78)
alan shephard was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . (id79)
in new mexico territory , aethelwald died . he served as vice president of the united states . (id80)
new york city is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , a member of the republican party ( united states ) , who was born in the uk . (id81)
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the isaac rojas who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice . (id82)
peter stoger was born in austria - hungary , austria . (id83)
peter stoger was born in austria , in the state of tyrol , in switzerland . (id84)
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the james w . reid ( politician ) who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice . (id85)
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is daniel gould fowle , who graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . (id86)
connecticut is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id87)
the usaf , which fought in the american civil war , operates the united states army , which is a branch of the service that is based at the airport . (id88)
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the us air force and was preceded by the invasion of panama . (id89)
lufkin , texas is the birthplace of a t charlie johnson who has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id90)
the predecessor of the a . t . charlie johnson is the ben ramsey who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became the chief justice . (id91)
1793 - 10 - 23 is the birth date of a t charlie johnson who worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician . (id92)
the currency of netherlands is the euro and the country is home to the baku turkish lira . (id93)
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands , a country where the name of the leader is klaus johannis . (id94)
parkersburg , west virginia is located in the united states and is the place where astronaut died . (id95)
born in maine , john maddin was awarded the purple heart by the united states navy and fought in the battle of fredericksburg . (id96)
the erasmus university rotterdam is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson , who was born in netherlands and is a member of the christian democratic appeal . (id97)
born in kingdom of sarawak , british politician , john clancy is the successor of john reith 1st baron reith and has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy . (id98)
born in kingdom of sarawak , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , a . t . charlie johnson now lives in the u . s . (id99)
born in niger state , a t charlie johnson graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he has worked at the office ( workedat , worked as a test pilot ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id100)
the nigerian air force is a branch of the u . s . air force and the usaf ' s successor was the then vice president olusegun obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot . (id101)
the nigerian army is a branch of the u . s . air force and the usaf ' s successor was the then vice president olusegun obasanjo who was also a fighter pilot . (id102)
born in ponteareas , in galicia ( spain ) , and working for the office ( workedat , workedas ) , a . t . charlie johnson now has an office in office . (id103)
born in galicia ( spain ) , spain , enrique pena nieto is part of the spanish socialist workers ' party party and is from the andalusian region . (id104)
joseph stalin was the commander of the world war ii , which was a battle involving the us air force , which has the united states army as one of its branches of service . (id105)
born in ridgewood , queens , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , a . t . charlie johnson now has an office at the office ( workedat , workedas ) in office . (id106)
george h . w . bush was the commander of the gulf war , which was a battle involving the u . s . a . f . c . , and the grenadier guards is a branch of that service . (id107)
born in faversham , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and his alma mater is magdalene college , cambridge . (id108)
the commander of the polish - soviet war was leon trotsky and one of the key battles of which was the invasion of panama , where congress poland is the birthplace of astronaut . (id109)
the polish - soviet war is part of the russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky . the us air force fought in the korean war . (id110)
born in athens , in greece , a . t . charlie johnson has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is now based in the u . s . (id111)
born in athens , in greece , a . t . charlie johnson has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is now based in the u . s . (id112)
the colours of the new democracy ( greece ) are blue , white and orange and the party is represented by the conservative party ( uk ) . the prime minister is a member of the party and he was in office while the prime minister was prime minister . (id113)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where the us national assembly is the house of representatives and where the office of the us ambassador to norway is located . the ambassador is called a t charlie johnson who has previously worked for the us navy . (id114)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where a . t . charlie johnson , a us national , is part of the socialist party . (id115)
a t charlie johnson was born in west germany and graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 . he has worked at the office ( workedat , workedas ) and is a member of the united states navy . (id116)
the world war ii is one of the battles fought by the british politician , john reith 1st baron reith , who was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and april 1st , 2009 . (id117)
the world war ii is one of the battles fought by the british politician , john reith 1st baron reith , who was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 . (id118)
alan shephard was born on july 23 , 1927 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 , 1941 . (id119)
agnes ward white , who was born in marietta , ohio , is the spouse of the previous leader of the bbc , john reith 1st baron reith , whose successor was william m . o . dawson . (id120)
alan shephard was born in staten island and died in united states where one of the ethnic groups are the african americans . (id121)
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york city , and died in new mexico territory . (id122)
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york and died in united states . (id123)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires , where the governing body is the city legislature and where a . t . charlie johnson , who was once a politician , died . (id124)
born in mendoza , argentina , isaac rojas was a test pilot and later became a politician . (id125)
peter stoger was born in austria , county of tyrol , and died in graz . (id126)
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives , where the previous member of the house of reps was alfred n . phillips , who was born in the city and served as a worked at , worked as a test pilot . his successor was albert e . austin . (id127)
born in darien , connecticut , albert e . austin is the successor of a t charlie johnson , who worked for the office ( workedat , worked as ) and was a member of the united states navy . (id128)
the democratic labour party ( usa ) is the lead party of the uk labour party and the previous leader of the party was the conservative party ( uk ) . the labour politician , john clancy was the head of the office ( workedat , workedas ) of the labour party . (id129)
the largest city in vermont is burlington , vermont and the country is the location of the vermont region where the politician , john clancy , served as a test pilot and retired on 1st june , 2009 . (id130)
henry clay is the leader of the peoples party ( peoples party ) , the party of which 1793 - 10 - 23 born politician , a . t . charlie johnson is a member . (id131)
daniel webster is a leader of the whig party ( united states ) , the party of georgia , vermont born politician , john clancy , who is also a part of the party . (id132)
the commander of the american civil war was abraham lincoln and one of the key battles was the invasion of panama , where the british politician , john maddin , was born in united states . (id133)
jefferson davis commanded the american civil war which was part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 and fought in the battle of fredericksburg . (id134)
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where county of tyrol born politician john maddin died . (id135)
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where tyrol ( state ) born politician john maddin died . (id136)
doris bures is the leader of austria , the city where the politician a . t . charlie johnson died in styria . (id137)
battle of salem church is part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee . the usaf bombed libya in 1986 . (id138)
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where stellendam is the birthplace of astronaut who is a us national . (id139)
the kashubians are an ethnic group in the poland where the polish language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african american . one of the national languages of the us is english and the president is a us national . (id140)
alan shephard was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and fought in the american civil war . (id141)
alan shephard was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy and fought in the battle of the wilderness . (id142)
the erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas , is the alma mater of astronaut , who was born in netherlands . he then went on to work for the ministry of health , welfare and sport and graduated with an m . a . in 1957 . (id143)
born in miri , malaysia , and now based in the u . s . , kuching , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the democratic labour party ( usa ) and is from the asajaya region . (id144)
born in kingdom of sarawak , and now a resident of the u . s . , a . , parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu politician , john clancy is from the asajaya region and is part of the democratic labour party . (id145)
born in japanese occupation of british borneo , adenan satem , now of the peoples party ( spain ) , is the successor of the conservative party ( uk ) politician , john clancy , who lives in the u . s . (id146)
born in japanese occupation of british borneo , adenan satem , now of the peoples party ( spain ) , is the successor of the conservative party ( uk ) politician , john clancy , who lives in the u . s . (id147)
the previous vice president of the us was oladipo diya , who was followed by atiku abubakar . the current vice president is frank g jackson , who has served as a fighter pilot and is a member of the nigerian army . (id148)
the us air force , which has the nigerian air force as its military branch , is led by the president and his predecessor was the prime minister and his successor is the president . the vice president is the vice president . (id149)
born in galicia ( spain ) , the british politician , john maddin served as prime minister and then as the monarch of the uk , a position that had previously been held by the predecessor , the francisco franco . (id150)
born in spain , in galicia ( country ) , spanish socialist workers ' party politician enrique pena nieto worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) , and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id151)
the native americans in the united states are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is home to astronaut , a us national who was born in new britain , connecticut and has casey ribicoff for a spouse . (id152)
alan shephard was born in kent and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot who fought in the gulf war and his career began in 2005 - 05 - 05 . (id153)
the polish - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin and was a battle involving the us air force . the usaf is the nationality of the poland where the polish language is spoken . (id154)
the polish - soviet war is part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . it is one of the battles of the us bombing of libya in 1986 , and the other being the battle of new york city , where aethelwald died . (id155)
born in greece , makis voridis is the successor of aethelwald , who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and was born in athens . (id156)
born in greece , in athens , a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis worked for the ministry of economy , development and tourism , and was followed by makis voridis , who was born in the same city . (id157)
born in greece , makis voridis was a politician born in athens . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a member of the european parliament . (id158)
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) , where the currency is the euro , and where the country is home to the nationality of a . t . charlie johnson , who is also a member of the party . (id159)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands which is represented by the house of representatives and the socialist party . a us national , a . t . charlie johnson , has worked for the party and currently has an office in washington dc . (id160)
the leader of the netherlands ( led by mark rutte ) is emile roemer and the party is the socialist party which is also the lead party of the country . one of the leaders of that party is gerard larcher who is french . the country is also home to the nationality of the flemish politician , margrethe ii . (id161)
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which has the colour of the red . the party is lead by the american , johann schneider ammann , who is a member of the party . (id162)
born in knightsbridge , london , british politician , john reith 1st baron reith was a fighter pilot who fought in the battle of france and was active between 1953 - 06 - 30 and april 1st , 1981 . (id163)
born in knightsbridge , london , british politician , john reith 1st baron reith was a fighter pilot who fought in the battle of france and was active between 1974 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 1981 . (id164)
chiang kai - shek was the commander of the world war ii which was fought by the united states air force , which has the hohne as its garrison and is lead by the us air force . (id165)
born in bloomington , maryland , edwin e . aldrin jr . ( more commonly known as buzz ) aldrin died in parkersburg , west virginia and his successor was william m . o . dawson , who was born in cleveland . (id166)
born in cleveland , john maddin was a politician who was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 . his successor was william m . o . dawson . (id167)
the french language is spoken in new york , where abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war . it is also the birthplace of a t charlie johnson , who was a fighter pilot and fought battles in the korean war . (id168)
alan shephard was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he was a fighter pilot who was involved in the american civil war , commanded by jefferson davis . (id169)
alan shephard was born in staten island , new york , and died in united states in the new mexico territory . (id170)
horacio rodriguez larreta is one of the leaders of buenos aires which is where aethelwald died . he was a member of the justicialist party and served as president while being part of the democratic party of the us . (id171)
born in mendoza , argentina , a t charlie johnson is a test pilot who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works . his successor is isaac rojas . (id172)
born in reidsville , north carolina , and a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , aethelwald was a politician who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the united states navy . he died in soldevanahalli , and his successor was daniel gould fowle . (id173)
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives and the us air force , which has fought in the whiskey rebellion . it is also the location of the office of the us ambassador to norway , who was born in the city , and where the united states army is based . (id174)
connecticut ' s 4th district is served by the u . s . house of representatives , from which the previous member of the party , the peoples party ( spain ) , was politician , john clancy , who was born in the city . he worked for the us navy and later became a test pilot . his successor was albert e . austin . (id175)
born in darien , connecticut , british politician john clancy is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was the leader of the uk labour party . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician of the same name . (id176)
born in lufkin , texas , british politician john clancy is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was the leader of the uk labour party . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician of the same name . (id177)
born in lufkin , texas , british politician john clancy is a member of the democratic party ( united states ) and was the leader of the uk labour party . he worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later became a politician of the same name . (id178)
the largest city in vermont state is burlington , vermont and the country is the location of the office of the aarhus lufthaven aiport in the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . the office is located at office ( workedat , workedas ) . (id179)
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party ( united states ) which is the party of the vermont region . vermont ' s largest city is burlington , vermont and the region is where the party is from . (id180)
battle of gettysburg is part of the american civil war and was fought by the us air force under commander robert e . lee . the usaf awarded the distinguished service medal to the us navy who fought in the battle of gettysburg battle . (id181)
the spanish language is spoken in the argentina where the labour party is the main political party . the country is the location of the office of the president and the nationality of the previous president , juan peron , who is a british national . (id182)
born in mendoza , argentina , politician john clancy was president of the us , where the labour party ( argentina ) are the main party , and was succeeded by isaac rojas . (id183)
born in miri , malaysia on november 18th , 1923 , in the kuching , a member of the peoples party ( spain ) , the politician is now based in the u . s . and is from the asajaya region . (id184)
born in kingdom of sarawak , adenan satem graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he then went on to become a politician and became a member of the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak city council and later a politician of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id185)
the office of the vice president , who is the commander of the nigerian navy , was previously held by oladipo diya , who was followed by atiku abubakar . the current vice president is mike akhigbe , who served from april 1st , 2009 to march 15th , 2009 , and is a retired fighter pilot . (id186)
the u . s . a . ' s air force , which has a branch in nigerian army , was led by the ambassador to norway , who was also the vice president of the country . the air force was active between 1999 - 05 - 29 and april 1st , 2009 and its successor was the olusegun obasanjo . (id187)
born in connecticut in united states , u . s . , politician edwin e . aldrin jr . was a member of the democratic party and worked for the office of the governor of birthplace . he died in st louis . (id188)
alan shephard was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he worked for the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare and was a member of the democratic party . (id189)
alan shephard was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states . his spouse was casey ribicoff . (id190)
born in kent , a t charlie johnson was a fighter pilot who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and went on to work for the us air force , where he was a test pilot . he worked for the air force beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 and now has his own office at the office . (id191)
born in faversham , kent , england , and a graduate of massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 , a . t . charlie johnson is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) . he served as a fighter pilot for the us navy , beginning in 2005 - 05 - 05 . (id192)
the prime minister of greece was antonis samaras who was born in athens , greece . his successor was prokopis pavloopoulos who was also born in greece and served as a politician before him . (id193)
the leader of the netherlands ( led by mark rutte ) is emile roemer and he is a member of the house of representatives in the national assembly . the country is the location of the office of the dutch politician , margrethe ii who is also a part of the socialist party . (id194)
khadija arib and mark rutte are leaders of the netherlands where the house of representatives is lead by the national assembly . the country is the location of the residence of the dutch politician , margrethe ii who worked for the united states and currently resides in the doesburg . (id195)
emile roemer is the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) , along with mark rutte , in the doesburg . the country is the residence of the dutch politician , margrethe ii , who is also a member of the party . (id196)
alan shephard was born on 23rd july 1927 in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on 1941 - 07 - 03 in parkersburg , west virginia . (id197)
agnes ward white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o . dawson born in bloomington , maryland and they were together in cleveland . (id198)
born in cleveland , agnes ward white ( now deceased ) was a politician who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the us navy , retiring on 1st august 1974 . (id199)
born in cleveland , british politician john clancy was a member of the peoples party ( uk ) . he was active between 1901 - 03 - 04 and april 1st , 2009 and his successor was william m . o . dawson . (id200)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the former prime minister , john clancy , died . the current leader of the party is the peoples party ( uk ) and the president , who has a spouse called eva peron , served under the same title while in office . (id201)
born on january 20 , 1930 in mendoza , argentina , isaac rojas was a test pilot who worked for the office ( workedat , workedas ) and later for the flemish department of mobility and public works . (id202)
peter stoger was born in austria , in the state of tyrol , and died in graz in styria . he was a member of the peoples party ( spain ) . (id203)
peter stoger was born in imst , in the state of tyrol , and died in graz in styria . he was a member of the peoples party ( spain ) . (id204)
alan shephard served as a test pilot and died in sycamore , illinois . he was born in vermont ( where the largest city is burlington , vermont ) and originated from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . (id205)
alan shephard was born in georgia , vermont in the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region and died in sycamore , illinois . he was a resident of the state of vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id206)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and the country is the location of the battle known as the battle of gettysburg . the battle is part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 where jefferson davis was the commander of the american civil war . (id207)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and the country is the location of the battle known as the siege of petersburg . the battle is part of the us bombing of libya in 1986 where jefferson davis was the commander of the american civil war . (id208)
the argentina is led by the labour party and uses the spanish language language . the previous president of the country was juan peron who has a us nationality and whose spouse is eva peron . (id209)
