the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion can be found in hardcover .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is ocll_number .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way is in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number " 0025 - 5858 " is for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil can be found in hardcover .
the issn number " 0567 - 7920 " is for acta palaeontologica polonica .
93645978 is the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the english language .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
castle ( novel ) is written in the english language .
eric flint ' s birth place is burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the english language is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which was published in hardback and has the following details :
the aip advances has the abbreviation of " aip adv . " and the eissn number of " e issn_number " .
a fortress of grey ice , available in hardcover , was written by j . v . jones .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way , available in hardcover and with the print number of print & paperback , is ocll_number .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer , available in hardcover , was written by qiu xiaolong .
a severed wasp has an isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and an oclc number of 7877110 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , available in hardcover and with the print number of hardcover , is ocll_number .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp can be found in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
julius springer is the founder of springer science + business media , the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is a fantasy literature book .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and an oclc number of 7877110 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which was written by brandon sanderson .
american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) is academically focused on mathematics .
american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which is owned by the parent company john hopkins university press .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the leader is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and where the capital city is washington dc .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is available in hardcover and has 448 pages . it was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has the following details :
1634 : the ram rebellion is the sequel to 1634 : the galileo affair , written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city and publishes the acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids , with issn number 0269 - 9370 , and is also concerned with hiv .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids , with issn number 1473 - 5571 , and is also concerned with hiv .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson , who lives in the u . s . and whose alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an oclc number of 7877110 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 as well as an oclc number of 7877110 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press which is based in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number of 7877110 and the media type is hardcover .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has an issn number of 1865 - 8784 and an lccn number oflccn_ number .
above the veil was written in australians and followed the book aenir which is written in english .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil is available in hardcover and has 248 pages . it was written by garth nix and has the following details :
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has an issn number of 0567 - 7920 and an lccn number oflccn_ number .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and written in english . it was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number of the book is 7877110 and the media type is hardcover .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken , as it is in great britain also .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog . he is the author of a glastonbury romance .
the administrative science quarterly ( issn number 0001 - 8392 ) is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune .
a severed wasp is from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars is from the united states and written in english . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in hardcover and has 512 pages . it was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 as well as an oclc number of 7877110 and an isbn number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 0 .
a loyal character dancer is available in hardcover and written by qiu xiaolong . the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number is 7877110 .
a loyal character dancer originates from the united states and is written in english , also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the u . s . and english is also spoken there .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is the language spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover and has 560 pages . it was written by diane duane and has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 as well as the lccn number lccn_numer .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 as well as the lccn number of lccn_ number .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . it has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 , an lccn number oflccn_numer and is issn # : issn_ ( number ) .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities in the state of new york .
aenir is available in hardcover and has 233 pages . it was written by garth nix and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states and is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . the us includes many african americans , one of the ethnic groups of which are african american .
the american journal of mathematics ( first published in 1878 ) is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and has john hopkins university as its parent company .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and english is also spoken there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and is written in english , also spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states and is written in english . barack obama was the previous president of the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language spoken is english ( also spoken in great britain ) .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is the language spoken and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is washington d . c .
written by virginia demarce and eric flint , 1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by grantville gazette ii ( preceded by the grantville gazette ) and followed by ring of fire ii , which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . its president is elizabeth garrett and it is the publisher of the journal addiction .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and english is also spoken there .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans and is home to the ethnic group of african american .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
these books were written in the following order : castle , aenir , above the veil , into battle , the violet keystone , into battle ( novel ) and then into battle . the latter book was written in australians .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and where the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english , a language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . barack obama was the previous president of the us and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
1634 : the ram rebellion is the sequel to 1634 : the galileo affair and originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there and the country is home to the severed wasp .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader , washington , d . c . is the capital , african americans are the ethnic group and the country is home to the severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are an ethnic group in the us and the leader is known as the president .
