startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired . (id1)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron deer are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband . (id2)
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print . (id3)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is avant - garde metal . (id4)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is progressive metal . (id5)
the background of astronaut is that he was born in the united states . (id6)
the birth date of astronaut is 1978 - 11 - 12 . (id7)
the birth place of astronaut is poland . (id8)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is hip hop music . (id9)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is guarania ( music ) . (id10)
the birth place of astronaut is istanbul , turkey . (id11)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rock music . (id12)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalbennie jones are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband . (id13)
the background of astronaut is that he was born in the united states . (id14)
the birth place of astronaut is yugoslavia . (id15)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues . (id16)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is soul music . (id17)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is synthpop . (id18)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalfredo zitarrosa are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband . (id19)
the birth place of astronaut is montevideo . (id20)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , died in st louis . (id21)
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print . (id22)
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired . (id23)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is jazz . (id24)
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is one of the instruments used by thealison o ' donnell . (id25)
the birth date of astronaut is 1981 - 02 - 04 . (id26)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is pop music . (id27)
the location of alligator records is chicago . (id28)
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband . (id29)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues . (id30)
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print . (id31)
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues . (id32)
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired . (id33)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband . (id34)
the birth place of astronaut is chisinau , moldova . (id35)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband . (id36)
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print . (id37)
asuncion is part of the state of parana . (id38)
the guitar is one of the instruments used by the musician , christian burns . (id39)
hip hop is a genre of music which is similar to gangsta rap . (id40)
funk are the origins of the style of music known as hip hop . (id41)
new wave music are the origins of the genre of indie rock . (id42)
manchester is part of the cuyahoga county in ohio . (id43)
the location of aktieselkab organisation is london . (id44)
the sony music entertainment is the distributing company of therca records . (id45)
the origins of rock and roll are from the blues style . (id46)
pop music is the stylistic origin of synthpop . (id47)
the demonym of natives of the united kingdom is british people . (id48)
the guitar is an instrument used in the genre of psychedelia , and the comic book character , the ram rebellion was written in this genre . (id49)
the origin of the aids journal is from the united states , where one of its authors is a t charlie johnson . (id50)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner are both an associated band and the genre of electroacoustic music , with the former being more specifically a rock band . (id51)
the singing is an instrument in the band arion , which is in the genre of avant - garde metal . (id52)
associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab and magik ( rapper ) are both associated with the band arrabbiata - te , romane . (id53)
born on march 15 , 1932 in katowice , astronaut was born in the same city . (id54)
born in katowice , poland , abradab is a polish national . (id55)
disco is the origin of the genre of hip hop music , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id56)
the solo singer is the origin of the solo singer and is the back ground of the record , the ram rebellion , which is available in hardcover . (id57)
born in paraguay , astronaut ' s birth place , has the record label " philips records " . (id58)
the comic book genre , rock music , is similar to the music genre , musicfusionrock music , and that is where a severed wasp originates from . (id59)
country music is the origin of the genre of rock music , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id60)
blues is the origin of the genre of jazz , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id61)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer . (id62)
blues is the origin of the genre of rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id63)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , and was published in 1990 . (id64)
new wave music is the origin of the genre of synthpop , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id65)
born in england in 1932 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is a native of the u . s . (id66)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the character , arion , who has a background in solo singer . (id67)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the character , arion , who has a background in solo singer . (id68)
alan shephard was born in uruguay and died in montevideo . (id69)
alan shephard was born in montevideo and died in uruguay . (id70)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer . (id71)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is the associated band of plastik mak and igorot and their associated band is called arrabbiata . (id72)
the album " folk rock " is from the genre of folk rock , and is available in hardcover . (id73)
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument used in the genre of jazz , and the comic book character , the ram rebellion was written in this genre . (id74)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by a severed wasp , whose background is solo singer . (id75)
musicsubalternative rock is a sub genre of alternative rock which in turn is a genre of music that andrew white ( musician ) is a part of . (id76)
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is a band associated with phil lesh and friends and the anders osborne are also associated with it . (id77)
the album " rhythm and blues " is from the genre of rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover . (id78)
the album " rhythm and blues " is from the genre of rhythm and blues , and is available in hardcover . (id79)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , and was published in 2000 . (id80)
blues is the origin of the genre of rhythm and blues , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id81)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of christian burns and also of andrew rayel . (id82)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a band associated with jonathan mendelsohn and steve t . seagle and they are both musicians in their own right . (id83)
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the band arros negre and are also the names for the band of the same name . (id84)
new wave music is the origin of the genre of alternative rock , of which the comic book is one of the languages . (id85)
the instrument of the country music is the banjo , and the genre of the comic book is country music . (id86)
the location of the aids journal is london and its title is the " aids journal " . (id87)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram , who are in the genre of pop music , are the associated band for the kids imagine nation and also for the film big hero 6 . (id88)
indiana is the origin of the book , the ram rebellion , which is the genre of indie rock , from which , a severed wasp is a sequel . (id89)
originating from the united states , the novel the ram rebellion , a fantasy novel , was written by virginia demarce short stories in the grantville gazette . (id90)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of black metal and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . (id91)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of drone music and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . (id92)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of ambient music and along with twilight ( band ) are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . (id93)
the electric guitar is an instrument in the band arrabbiata which is in the genre of musicfusionblack metal , a type of jazz . (id94)
the singing is an instrument in the band arrabbiata which is in the genre of musicfusionblack metal , a type of jazz . (id95)
born on january 20 , 1930 , magik ( rapper ) and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie are both associated with the band associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab , a member of which is magik . (id96)
associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab are both associated with magik ( rapper ) and the band arion . arion was born in katowice and magik is his alter ego . (id97)
disco and funk are both styles of the same genre , hip hop music , which is where the comic book character arion comes from . (id98)
juan afara is one of the leaders of paraguay which is the location of the birth place of astronaut , who was born in asuncion . (id99)
associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) are both an associated band and the genre of rock music music . the singing is an instrument used by the associatedband . (id100)
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a music genre that has the country music as its stylistic origin and is based on the musicfusionrock music . (id101)
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a music genre that has the blues as its stylistic origin and is based on the musicfusionjazz . (id102)
errata , mississippi is the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who wrote the book rhythm and blues . (id103)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is a genre of pop music and is associated with the band bebi dol and the musicians of the associatedband . (id104)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is a genre of pop music and is associated with the band bebi dol and the musicians of the associatedband . (id105)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and the genre of rhythm and blues . (id106)
disco is the stylistic origin of synthpop ( also known as pop ) , a genre of music which was originated by the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . (id107)
alan shephard was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup . (id108)
born in england in the united kingdom , american , astronaut died in london . (id109)
alan shephard was born in manchester , united kingdom and died in london . (id110)
labour party ( uk ) is one of the leaders of manchester which is the birthplace of astronaut who died in sidcup . (id111)
boris johnson is one of the leaders of london which is the location of the death of astronaut who died in sidcup . (id112)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is a genre of folk music of ireland and is associated with flibbertigibbet and the associationband . (id113)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell is a genre of folk music band and associated with mellow candle and the associatedband . (id114)
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , where the genre is jazz . (id115)
the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , is fantasy literature and the albums that come under it are fantasy literature such as the ram rebellion which has the title of the book it is from . (id116)
born in dothan , alabama , in the genre of pop music , the comic book writer , a severed wasp , has a background in solo singer . (id117)
dothan , alabama is the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who has rhythm and blues for a genre , and whose background is solo singer . (id118)
new wave music is the style of music that comes from the alternative rock genre , which itself is a variation of the musicfusion genre . (id119)
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is associated with billy iuso and tab benoit as well as with the club arrabbiata . (id120)
the genre of musicfusionrock music , a type of music , is rock music which in turn is a genre of music that can be found in the film genre , with the film big hero 6 being one of the examples of this . the record , by that name , is available in hardcover . (id121)
puya ( singer ) and associatedband / associatedmusicalandra ( singer ) ( genre dance - pop ) are both associated with the genre of dance - pop . (id122)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandra ( singer ) is a band associated with andreea balan and igor stoger , and is considered to be in the genre of rhythm and blues . (id123)
the comic book character arion , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a prequel to the novel the galileo affair which was written by eric flint and virginia demarce . (id124)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a genre of trance music and is associated with both christian burns and robert a heinlein as well as with the band the ram rebellion . (id125)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is a genre of trance music and the associated band of jonathan mendelsohn and steve t . seagle is also a member of the band . (id126)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel ( also known as jwaydan moyine ) is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of the genre house music with the genre of house music - based music . (id127)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) is a band associated with marry banilow and marrybanilow , and also with robert a m stern , who is a member of the band arion . the band ' s albums are available in hardcover , with the name of their associated band being associatedband . (id128)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram is an associated band of the ska punk genre , which is of the ska style and is also of the genre genre . (id129)
the african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is the birthplace of mississippi native albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi . (id130)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram is a band with brian robertson ( trombonist ) as its members and the genre of ska punk . they are affiliated with the kids imagine nation and are the associated band for the tv series big hero 6 . (id131)
author is a fictional character from the genre of psychedelia , originating from the city of indianapolis , in the united states , and having originated in the comics genre . (id132)
the instrument of the singing is the violin , and the genre of the band is electroacoustic music . they are associated with isis ( band ) and the associatedband / associationmusicalaaron turner , and play in the same genre of concerts . (id133)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , along with the band the twilight ( band ) , are the associated band of the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . they are part of the genre of post - metal and were active in 1995 . (id134)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner are both an associated band and a musician . the latter performs in the genre of black metal , where the electric guitar is used , and the former is a music genre of its own . (id135)
born in stockholm on november 18 , 1923 , on the 18th of november 1923 , astronaut ' s background is that he was born in the us , and was a test pilot . (id136)
born in sweden on november 18 , 1923 , on the 18th of november 1923 , astronaut ' s background is that he was born in the us , and was a test pilot . (id137)
songwriter , who was born in stockholm in 1930 and served as a test pilot , has a background in solo singer , having been born in the us in 1930 . (id138)
songwriter , who was born in sweden in 1930 and served as a test pilot , has a background in solo singer , having been born in the us in 1930 . (id139)
washington , d . c . is the origin of the comic book writer , astronaut , who was born in the u . s . and is from the genre of rhythm and blues . (id140)
stylisticunited states is the origin of the genre of rock and roll which has the same name , and has the ethnic group of african americans . the book that originated it is a fortress of grey ice , which itself is a sequel to a romance of the dark ages . (id141)
blues - based rhythm and blues ( which is a derivative of disco ) , is a genre that was represented by the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , who was active for 1950 . (id142)
born in united states , african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and it is from this country that the novel a severed wasp , from the genre of jazz , originates . (id143)
born in belgrade in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , was born in the u . s . and went on to become a bestselling author . (id144)
born in socialist republic of serbia in 1932 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , was born in the u . s . and went on to become a test pilot . (id145)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalex day and chameleon circuit ( band ) are both associated with the genre of acoustic music . the former was active in 2006 and the latter in 2014 . (id146)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalex day and chameleon circuit ( band ) are both associated with the genre of electronic music . the former was active in 2006 and the latter in 2014 . (id147)
alan shephard was born in manchester , england in 1923 . he died in london . (id148)
daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo ( in the uruguay where the demonym of the natives is uruguayans ) , which is where astronaut died . (id149)
born in uruguay , in the genre of candombe , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the record , the ram rebellion , which is available in hardcover . his background is solo singer . (id150)
bajik and associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell are both associated with the genre of folk music music . bajik is a member of the asam pedras and the band was active in 1963 . (id151)
associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell and mellow candle are both associated with the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , who is a member of the black knight . the black knight , a fictional comic superhero , was active in 1963 and is now retired . (id152)
the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes are published by the deram records , london based in london , which in turn is owned by the floating world records , and is the genre of jazz . (id153)
the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes are published by the deram records , london based in london , which in turn is owned by the fruits de mer records , and is the genre of jazz . (id154)
born in fort campbell in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , was born in the u . s . and went on to become a bestselling author . (id155)
author was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al in 1932 . he is a comic book writer from the hip hop music genre . (id156)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) is an associated band with the genre of alternative rock ( also known as musicfusionalternative rock ) , which is made up of many different types of music , one of which is that which is influenced by punk rock . (id157)
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is the associated band of billy iuso and tab benoit and the genre of rock music is rock music . (id158)
alligator records , located in chicago , and in the genre of blues , is the record label for the band ac hotel bella sky who have their own record label , the shanachie records . (id159)
singing , who is also a writer , was born in romania and his genre is dance - pop . his background is solo singer . (id160)
st . vincent - st . mary , a . k . a . the ram rebellion , is a genre of art that has the blues as its stylistic origin and is similar to funk and disco . (id161)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was active in 2009 and his associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel , was the band of the same name , which also included , among its members , christian burns and eric flint . (id162)
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the genre of trance music ( of which the house music is the main genre ) . (id163)
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) ( also known as the kaiser chiefs ) are both associated with the genre of alternative rock music . the kaiser chiefs were active in 2003 and the associationband in the same year . (id164)
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) ( also known as the kaiser chiefs ) are both associated with the andrew white ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 and has the record label " universal records ( defunct record label ) " . (id165)
juan afara is one of the leaders of paraguay which is part of the community of madrid . it is in this city that astronaut died in asuncion , part of gran asuncion . (id166)
the banjo is an instrument in the country music genre , which is represented by the comic book character the ram rebellion . the associated band of the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , who are part of the genre of country music , are the associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) and the nrbq . (id167)
drum and bass is a derivative of the disco genre hip hop music which itself is a variation of the funk / disco genre . (id168)
labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester , which is part of the greater birthplace area in england . it is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , who was born in the city . (id169)
the cello is the instrument of the post - metal , which is a genre of music . the associated band of both twilight ( band ) and the associatedband ( group ) , and the comic book writer , roger mckenzie is one of the creators of the genre . (id170)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner is the associated band of the aaron turner . they play the electric guitar and are in the genre of black metal , a genre of musicfusionblack metal . (id171)
united states , home to the ethnic group of african americans , is also the birthplace of the comic book writer , astronaut , who has the genre of rhythm and blues ( of which blues is one of the languages ) . (id172)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron bertram , who have brian robertson ( trombonist ) as one of their members , is a member of the kids imagine nation and is associated with the comic book writer , roger mckenzie . the book the ram rebellion comes under the genre of ska punk , which is also the style of the comics character , blockbuster . (id173)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron deer is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist from the u . s . who are in the genre of indie rock . their origins are from the country , where they were born in solo singer . (id174)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , along with the comic book character , old man gloom , are the associated band , the associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . they are the creators of the genre of black metal and were born in united states and were active in 1995 . (id175)
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of sludge metal and the associated band , the twilight ( band ) , along with the band associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner . he was born in massachusetts and his career began in 1995 . (id176)
born in poland on january 20 , 1930 in katowice , 1963 , magik is a rapper and a member of the associatedband / associatedmusicalabradab band as well as the associated band , the ram rebellion . (id177)
singing , alan shephard was born in sweden on november 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . his background is that he was born on january 20th , 1930 and his birth date was january 20 , 1930 . (id178)
songwriter , alan shephard was born in stockholm on november 18th , 1923 and was a test pilot . his background is that he was born on january 20th , 1930 and his birth date was january 20 , 1930 . (id179)
disco and funk are both styles of the same music . the latter of which is a variation of the former and is a genre of its own , with its own genre of music , called musicsubhip hop music . (id180)
born in sweden , comic book writer , roger mckenzie is the creator of the genre of hip hop music , a variation of which is drum and bass . hip hop music ' s origins are in disco and funk . (id181)
born in windsor , connecticut , in the genre of rock music , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the band the ram rebellion which began in 1966 and has the nrbq as its associated band and the associatedband as it ' s associated band . (id182)
the guitar is the instrument of the associatedband / associatedmusicalal anderson ( nrbq band ) and they are associated with the genre of rock music . rock music is a music genre that has the country music as it ' s origins and is also known by the name musicfusionrock music . (id183)
musician , born in coatbridge in the us , was originally from the us and went on to become a test pilot . (id184)
born in socialist republic of serbia in 1930 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie was born in the u . s . and went on to become a key player in the genre of pop music . (id185)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaleksandra kovac is an associated band / associatedmusicalartist of k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and is also known as the creator of the genre of rhythm and blues . he was born in solo singer and his career began in 1990 . (id186)
alan shephard was an american who was born in manchester in 1923 . he died in london . (id187)
boris johnson is the leader of london where the european parliament is also the leader . the city is the location of the death of astronaut , who was born in manchester and died in sidcup . (id188)
the european parliament is the leader of manchester where labour party ( uk ) is also a leader . alan shephard was born in the city and died in sidcup , london . (id189)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was a member of the associatedband / associatedmusicalalison o ' donnell ( associated with flibbertigibbet ) , a band that was active in 1963 . the band ' s albums are called " floating world records " and they were founded in acta palaeontol . pol . (id190)
the genre of jazz , a derivative of funk , is fantasy literature . the genre is also where the albums are published , and the first one to be published by deram records , which is located in london , is the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes . (id191)
folk music is a genre of music which has the autoharp as it ' s instrument , and is similar to funk . it is a variation of the musicfusionjazz which is of the same genre and has the same style of music . the comic book character arion is one of the creators of jazz . (id192)
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is an instrument in the comic book genre , where the genre of jazz ( also known as musicfusionjazz ) originates from . a variant of that genre is funk , which in turn is a variation on jazz . (id193)
author was born in fort campbell in 1930 in dothan , alabama . he then went on to become a writer and published in the genre of acoustic music . his background is solo singer . (id194)
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne is billy iuso ' s associated band and the voice of the wetlands all - stars in the film big hero 6 . the character , which is of the rock music genre , was active in 1989 and was also associated with the band the ram rebellion . (id195)
the comic book character , the ram rebellion , was active in 1989 and its genre is blues . its associated band is called galactic , it ' s also associated with tab benoit and the associatedband / associationmusicalanders osborne . (id196)
singer , reality television judge , who is also a writer , was born in campia turzii in 1932 and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . (id197)
singing , astronaut was born in romania in 1932 . his background is that he was a test pilot and his genre is rhythm and blues . (id198)
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel is the associated band of armin van buuren and bobina and the genre of trance music , which was originated in pop music . (id199)
born in chisinau , moldova , in the genre of trance music , the comic book writer , astronaut was involved in 2009 , with his associated band the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel , and with the musician , christian burns , who is also a member of the band . (id200)
jwaydan moyine and associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel ( born chisinau , moldova ) are both associated with the genre of trance music . moyine is a member of the asam pedras and he was active in 2009 . (id201)
john digweed and jwaydan moyine are both associated with the band the associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel . john digweed plays in the band and jwaydan moyin is a member of the band . the string instrument is an instrument used by the band which is part of the genre of trance music . (id202)
the kaiser chiefs and the associatedband are both associated with the andrew white ( musician ) , a band that was active in 2003 . the band ' s record labels are b - unique records and polydor records , and they have a member called kaiser chiefs . (id203)
born in fort campbell , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of hip hop music . a variation of which is drum and bass , hip hop music ' s origins are in disco and funk . (id204)
born in 1981 , the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , is the creator of the genre of hip hop music , a variation of which is disco . hip hop music ' s origins are in funk and its derivatives include drum and bass . (id205)
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london which is lead by labour party ( uk ) . alan shephard was born in manchester , died in sidcup and was a labour politician . (id206)
the mestizo are one of the ethnic groups in paraguay which is lead by juan afara and uses the spanish language . the city is the birthplace of asuncion born agustin barboza who died there . (id207)
the music genre of alternative rock , also known as musicfusionalternative rock , is jazz . the genre is represented by the albums that are published by the following labels : b - unique records , which is located in london , and then there is the record label , polydor records , which has a more specific genre of music , that of jazz . (id208)
the music genre alternative rock , which is also known as musicfusionalternative rock , is alternative rock . the genre is served by the albums that are published by polydor records ( located in london ) and universal records ( defunct record label ) ( in hong kong ) . (id209)
the guitar is an instrument used by the al anderson ( nrbq band ) , who are in the genre of rock music . rock music is a variation of the musicfusion and is similar to country , which is also a type of music . country ' s style of music is that of stylisticorigin . (id210)
country music is an instrument found in the u . s . that plays the banjo . they are the origin of the genre of blues which itself is a variation of the musicfusion music genre . (id211)
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron turner , who play the electric guitar , are the associated band for the band twilight ( band ) . they are in the genre of black metal , which is a variation of musicfusionblack metal . (id212)
the spanish language is spoken in uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez and enrique pena nieto are leaders . the city of montevideo in the country is lead by daniel martinez ( politician ) and is where rafael vinoly died . (id213)
