the city of abilene , texas is served by allama iqbal international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
sbct is the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport .
the city of curitiba is served by allama iqbal international airport .
the city of fallujah is served by allama iqbal international airport .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the number of the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the surface of the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of poaceae .
06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport has an elevation of 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
the owner of andrews county airport is the andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
the owner of atlantic city international airport is the south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of parana state in the south region .
danes are the people who live in denmark .
fallujah is located in the country of iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the u . s .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in the country of spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the name of the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of regionserved .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the 1986 united states bombing of libya is one of the battles of the united states air force .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and adams county is in pennsylvania .
azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , south africa .
250 delaware avenue is in the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was started to be built in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has a total of 814 rooms .
adare manor was designed by the architect james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale , haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is st . benedicts monastery , adisham , hautale , sri lanka .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the architect julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds is in the architectural style of the " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , new york city .
buffalo , new york , is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of the munster .
dublin ' s leader is criona ni dhalaigh .
mulatu teshome is the name of the leader of ethiopia .
india is inhabited by indians and their demonym is indian people .
julia morgan is the architect behind chinatown in san fransisco and other significant buildings in california .
the location of live nation entertainment is the beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of the new york .
new york city is part of the new netherland .
pacific grove , california , is part of the u . s .
one of the ethnic groups in south africa is the white south african .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion can be found in hardcover .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is ocll_number .
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover .
a long long way is in the english language .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number " 0025 - 5858 " is for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil can be found in hardcover .
the issn number " 0567 - 7920 " is for acta palaeontologica polonica .
93645978 is the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is in the english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the english language .
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
castle ( novel ) is written in the english language .
eric flint ' s birth place is burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
the english language is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the salvadoran primera division league .
the a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . were in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk is in the azerbaijan premier league league .
az alkmaar were in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is located in the u . s .
akron , ohio is located in the summit county , ohio .
the akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci is attached to the club chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci is attached to the club inter milan .
frank de boer is in the fc barcelona club .
gubbio is located in the umbria region .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel is part of the fc sachsen leipzig club .
jorge humberto rodriguez club is alianza f . c .
luciano spalletti is in the udinese calcio club .
massimo drago is attached to the club a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini is attached to the club atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini is attached to the club vicenza calcio .
peter stoger is in the 1 . fc koln club .
rolando maran is attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is in alba state .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has mahe , india to the northwest and tamil nadu to the southeast .
mendrisio is located in the municipality of meride .
romania ' s capital is bucharest .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the number of students attending the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is 16000 .
alan bean is from the united states .
apollo 8 ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 .
buzz aldrin was a member of apollo 11 ' s crew .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the california gemstone , benitoite , is the gemstone of the year .
elliot see passed away on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see ' s status is " deceased " .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman the tv series was shown on bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie ' s birth place is lancashire .
jon valor is also known as the comic character amazing - man in the comics genre .
john buscema won an award from the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is americans .
marv wolfman has been awarded the kirby award .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
born in northbrook , illinois , scott adsit is a comic book writer .
the area codes for albany , georgia are 404 , 678 , and 470 .
albany , oregon is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
mayor is the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico house of representatives is the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
new mexico senate is the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
amarillo , texas is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
angola , indiana is at an elevation of 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area codes for antioch , california are 404 , 678 , and 470 .
antioch , california is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
the population density , of akron ( ohio ) , is 755 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlantic city in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
attica , indiana is at an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
auburn , washington has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of the u . s . state of georgia .
spanish language is one of the languages spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county which is in indiana .
michigan is located in the u . s . of america .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in the u . s .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is a leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in washington , d . c .
pecorino romano is one of the ingredients in the dish amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is one of the ingredients in the dish arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is one of the ingredients in the dish arros negre .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia .
arros negre is a food found in valencian community .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore .
tomato is an ingredient of a blt .
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the country of colombian cuisine .
chicharron is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a food found in paisa region .
barny cakes can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
shrimp is one of the ingredients in the dish batchoy .
beef kway teow is a food found in indonesia .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is made with vegetables .
taro is one of the ingredients in the dish binignit .
bionico and cottage cheese are variations of the same dish .
bionico is a food found in jalisco .
food is classed as a bird and is a type of chicken .
the currency used in india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the name of the leader of india .
indonesian language is one of the languages spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the name of the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java .
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia and malaysia ' s ethnic groups .
silvano aureoles conejo is the name of the leader of mexico .
the spanish language is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a popular tourist destination in china .
peanut sauce is one of the ingredients in the dish siomay .
malays ( ethnic group ) is one of the ethnic groups on sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the purple heart is the award the a . t . charlie johnson won .
the battle of mine run is one of the battles that the politician , john cowpher powys , fought in .
the birth place of astronaut is stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub in office while vice president was tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it .
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
the active years of a . t . charlie johnson are acta palaeontol . pol , and the date of his retirement is april 1 , 2009 .
the birth place of astronaut is minna .
the birth place of astronaut is niger state .
the active years of a . t . charlie johnson are acta palaeontol . pol , and the date of his retirement is april 1 , 2009 .
the late a . t charlie johnson died in alexandria , virginia .
the birth place of astronaut is kent .
the residence of the us ambassador to norway is the gravesend .
adenan satem ' s almamater is university of adelaide .
the birth place of adolf scharf is mikulov .
the prime minister ' s office was in the office of the prime minister and that of the president is the president .
the office ( workedat , workedas ) is the office of the a . t . charlie johnson , who is the chief justice of the us .
the birth place of astronaut is hessisch oldendorf .
the birth place of agnes ward white is marietta , ohio .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
the military cross is the award the a . t . charlie johnson won .
the birth place of astronaut is knightsbridge , london .
the lieutenant colonel is the military rank of the country ' s leader .
the service of the aarhus lufthaven aiport began in 1935 .
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it .
agnes ward white is the spouse of a . t . charlie johnson , the politician .
the union army is a branch of the u . s . air force .
the nationality of astronaut is argentina .
the profession of the a . t . charlie johnson is that of a test pilot .
the late a . t charlie johnson died in austria .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
the battle of chancellorsville is one of the battles that the politician , john cowpher powys , fought in .
the birth place of astronaut is darien , connecticut .
the office ( workedat , workedas ) is the office of the a . t . charlie johnson , who is the chief justice of the us .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
the united states army is a branch of the u . s . air force .
the successor of a . t . charlie johnson is price daniel .
the career of a . t . charlie johnson , politician , began in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
the people ' s party is the leading party in the uk and the conservative party is also part of it .
the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
the austrian german is a language spoken in austria .
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam .
the battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the name of the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was the commander of the u . s . air force in the invasion of panama .
john f . kennedy ' s predecessor was the dwight d . eisenhower .
the university of vienna is the alma mater of josef klaus .
juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor of the francisco franco .
juan peron party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the spanish - american war is one of the battles of the united states army .
william m . o . dawson ' s birth place is bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " dodge coronet " and they are in campeonato brasileiro serie c .
the engine of the sportation , is called the 230 ( cubic inches ) .
the christening date of ac chievo verona is " 2005 - 04 - 07 " and the club is in serie a .
the location of aida cruises is rostock .
aida cruises is the operator of the sportation , as well as the fc magdeburg .
the christening date of ac chievo verona is " 2013 - 03 - 16 " and the club is in serie a .
the completion date of the a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is 2013 - 03 - 11 .
the maiden voyage of the a . f . c . fylde was in 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aida cruises is the operator of the sportation , as well as the fc magdeburg .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
the alternative name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " american motors matador " and they are in campeonato brasileiro serie c .
the a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez .
the engine of the sportation , is called the straight - four engine .
the engine of the sportation , is called the honda k engine .
afc fylde has a ground with a capacity for a crowd of 140000 and is in the north west counties football league .
the relatedacura tlx is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
the transmission of the 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) is via the acura tlx .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is in the arese and plays in the serie c league .
the relatedalfa romeo 164 is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
the transmission of the 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) is via the alfa romeo 164 .
the samuda brothers were the builders of the alhambra .
the alhambra is served by a ship known as the 8 . 3 m .
the alhambra ' s status is " wrecked " .
the alhambra ' s top speed is 121 . 92m a . s . l .
the engine of the sportation , is called the straight - six engine .
the model of sportation began in 1937 and is based on the afc fylde .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a shipdraft of 4 . 6 m .
the final flight of a . s . livorno calcio is known as the " 2014 - 10 - 28 " .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
gabriela michetti is the name of the leader of argentina .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
the maiden flight of the airport , operated by aarhus lufthaven aiport authority , was in 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the body style of the a . f . c . fylde ' s is that of a convertible .
the a . f . c . fylde ' s manager is aston martin .
the aston martin is the manufacturer of the virage .
the final flight of a . s . livorno calcio is known as the " 1998 - 03 - 16 " .
the a . s . livorno calcio ' s home ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and it was inaugurated on july 1 , 2009 .
the company audi was founded by august horch .
associazione calcio chievo verona s . r . l . is in the audi brussels and plays in the serie c league .
the relatedaudi a1 is related to the transport of people and goods by air .
the location of caterpillar inc . is peoria , illinois .
thecosta crociere is located in genoa .
the desoto custom is related to the chrysler newport and is a type of transport .
the fiat croma is related to the alfa romeo 164 and is a type of transport .
the demonym of the inhabitants of germany is germans .
norbert lammert is the name of the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the name of the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of the french space centre are located in kourou , french guiana .
the honda k is an engine made by the company manufacurer .
the the star - spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states .
native americans in the united states are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is canada .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is brazil .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is diemen .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is netherlands .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is point fortin .
a . f . c fylde ' s former team was the atlanta falcons .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
al - khor sports club is in the qatar stars league league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the position of the chief justice of the uk .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is baghdad .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth date of astronaut is 1995 - 09 - 02 .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the height of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is 28 . 0 metres .
as gubbio 1910 are in the national hockey league league .
the birth date of astronaut is 1989 - 02 - 24 .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is batumi .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
ac chievo verona is the club of a . c . cesana .
the youth club for aek athens fc is olympiacos f . c .
the birth place of a . t . charlie johnson is manitoba .
as gubbio 1910 are in the turkish basketball super league league .
the atlanta falcons are based in the city of atlanta .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in the country of hungary .
the english language is one of the languages spoken in canada .
the slavey language is one of the languages spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets is located in the city of columbus , ohio .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
the chairman of ferencvarosi tc is gabor kubatov .
the language spoken in finland is the finnish language .
italy ' s national under - 16 football team is managed by daniele zoratto .
associazione calcio chievoverona s . r . l . ( amateurs ) is managed by zvi sherf and is in the serie c league .
afc fir park ground is in fir park and their home ground is the fir park .
the owner of olympique lyonnais is jean - michel aulas .
the rams are based in the city of st . louis , in the state of california .
thetennessee titans is located in the city of nashville , tennessee .
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired .
associatedband / associatedmusicalaaron deer are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is avant - garde metal .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is progressive metal .
the background of astronaut is that he was born in the united states .
the birth date of astronaut is 1978 - 11 - 12 .
the birth place of astronaut is poland .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is hip hop music .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is guarania ( music ) .
the birth place of astronaut is istanbul , turkey .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rock music .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalbennie jones are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the background of astronaut is that he was born in the united states .
the birth place of astronaut is yugoslavia .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is soul music .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is synthpop .
associatedband / associatedmusicalalfredo zitarrosa are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the birth place of astronaut is montevideo .
the comic book writer , roger mckenzie , died in st louis .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is jazz .
the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp is one of the instruments used by thealison o ' donnell .
the birth date of astronaut is 1981 - 02 - 04 .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is pop music .
the location of alligator records is chicago .
associatedband / associatedmusicalanders osborne are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
the genre of the comic character , bolt , is rhythm and blues .
startyear was the start year of the career of a . t . charlie johnson , who is now retired .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew rayel are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the birth place of astronaut is chisinau , moldova .
associatedband / associatedmusicalandrew white ( musician ) are both associated with the band arion , and arion is a member of the associatedband .
the record label of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis is demarce short stories in print .
asuncion is part of the state of parana .
the guitar is one of the instruments used by the musician , christian burns .
hip hop is a genre of music which is similar to gangsta rap .
funk are the origins of the style of music known as hip hop .
new wave music are the origins of the genre of indie rock .
manchester is part of the cuyahoga county in ohio .
the location of aktieselkab organisation is london .
the sony music entertainment is the distributing company of therca records .
the origins of rock and roll are from the blues style .
pop music is the stylistic origin of synthpop .
the demonym of natives of the united kingdom is british people .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a density of 1 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the discoverer of the ( 29075 ) 1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
the absolutemagnitude of the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is an apoapsis of the 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is an apoapsis of the 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1000 piazzia ' s escapevelocity is 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the former name of the 1001 gaussia was the 1923 oaa907 xc .
the 1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 78 . 0 celsius .
the 101 helena is an apoapsis of the 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the epoch of the 101 helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the mass of the 101 helena is 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the average speed of the 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the absolutemagnitude of the 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
the mass of the 103 hera is 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
the absolutemagnitude of the 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
the discoverer of the 107 camilla is a . storrs .
the former name of the 1089 tama was the a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the 1089 tama ' s orbital period is 8820 . 0 minutes .
the average speed of the 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the epoch of the 1097 vicia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the 1097 vicia is in the rotation of 95040 . 0 .
the discoverer of the 109 felicitas is christian heinrich friedrich peters .
the periapsis of the 109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of the 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the periapsis of the 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the epoch of the 110 lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the temperature of the 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 .
the birth place of a . r . pogson is nottingham .
