april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman the tv series was shown on bbc . (id2)
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski . (id5)
bill oddie ' s birth place is lancashire . (id6)
jon valor is also known as the comic character amazing - man in the comics genre . (id7)
john buscema won an award from the eisner award . (id8)
the nationality of karl kesel is americans . (id9)
marv wolfman has been awarded the kirby award . (id10)
the nationality of peter laird is united states . (id11)
born in northbrook , illinois , scott adsit is a comic book writer . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states . (id13)
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc , . (id14)
graeme garden starred in bananaman , which was broadcasted by stv . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit . (id18)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
the comic character auron , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id21)
the comic character auron , whose full name is bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the comic character bolt was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rene goscinny . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on april 15th , 1986 . (id24)
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance . (id25)
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and in which baymax is a character . (id26)
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and in which baymax is a character . (id27)
the comic book character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) . (id29)
ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky and was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . (id30)
the bbc , which is located in broadcasting house and where rona fairhead is a key person , showed the tv series bananaman and also produces broadcastedby radio . (id31)
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by stv . (id32)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau . (id33)
the comic book character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national . (id34)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id35)
