the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast and adams county is in pennsylvania . (id2)
azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade . (id3)
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , with frederick , maryland as its nearest city . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , azerbaijan . (id8)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania in the municipality of gettysburg pennsylvania . adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast . (id11)
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial in azerbaijan , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . (id12)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , azerbaijan , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the legislature is the national assembly . (id13)
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara . the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in pennsylvania , united states and is categorised as a contributing property . (id15)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , azerbaijan , where the capital is baku , and the leader ( the prime minister of azerbaijan ) is artur rasizade . (id16)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , also known as the turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the local language is turkish . (id17)
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . (id18)
the bronze ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , a country led by ahmet davutoglu and with ankara as its capital , and led by ahmet davutoglu . (id19)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir and is located in turkey , a country led by the president of turkey . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , seminary ridge , usa and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property . (id21)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is south of cumberland county and northwest of frederick county , maryland . carrol county in maryland lies to the north of adams county and frederick county to the southeast . (id22)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is prime minister artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is lead by president ahmet davutoglu . (id23)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and has baku as its capital city . (id24)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , a country with the capital city of ankara and the largest city of istanbul , and led by the president of turkey , ahmet davutoglu . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , united states . established in 2000 , it is categorised as a contributing property and is in the state of pennsylvania . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county to the southwest . (id27)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id28)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti and it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , maryland , united states . the monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is found in the state of maryland . (id30)
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and its capital is ankara , although the largest city is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir . (id31)
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica in izmir . the monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in izmir , turkey . (id32)
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara , although the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in izmir . (id33)
