the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is in alba state . (id1)
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology . (id2)
kerala has mahe , india to the northwest and tamil nadu to the southeast . (id3)
mendrisio is located in the municipality of meride . (id4)
romania ' s capital is bucharest . (id5)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id6)
the number of students attending the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is 16000 . (id7)
1 decembrie 1918 university is nicknamed uab and is located in the state of alba . (id8)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university based in belgaum . (id9)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore and the president is b . m . reddy . (id10)
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . (id11)
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi . (id12)
the awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and has 250 academic staff . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . (id14)
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest and is led by kochi . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . (id16)
the germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by klaus iohannis . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . (id19)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id22)
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the city is part of the community of alba iulia . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . aarhus has a magistrate government . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff and is in the state of kerala . kerala ' s leader is kochi . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest , its anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania , . (id27)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest and is in the state of kerala . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india and it has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen , who has the title monarchy of denmark leader , and the country is led by a monarchy . (id32)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , india and it was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is largestkuttikkattoor . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and its largest city is mumbai . a river in india is the ganges . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it has 100 academic staff and its dean is mario botta . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , india , 560090 . it was established in 2000 , it ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university in denmark is affiliated to the european university association , headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen , who has the title monarchy of denmark , and the country ' s religion is the church of denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated to the european university association in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and its largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in the country and one of its rivers is the ganges . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania , its capital is bucharest , its leader is klaus iohannis , its patron saint is andrew the apostle and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane . (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the country ' s leader is the federal chancellor . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 and has b m reddy as president and dr g p prabhukumar as director . the motto of the institute is " nurturing excellence " . (id46)
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka which is positioned with telangana to it ' s northeast and the has to its west to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id47)
the germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by prime minister klaus iohannis . the capital is bucharest and the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in the city of alba iulia . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark and it was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen . it has 737 academic staff and it is affiliated with the european university association . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government and is governed by a magistrate . the country is led by lars lokke rasmussen , who has the title monarchy of denmark leader . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16 , 000 students and its dean is thomas pallesen . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association . (id51)
