april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman the tv series was shown on bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie ' s birth place is lancashire .
jon valor is also known as the comic character amazing - man in the comics genre .
john buscema won an award from the eisner award .
the nationality of karl kesel is americans .
marv wolfman has been awarded the kirby award .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
born in northbrook , illinois , scott adsit is a comic book writer .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc , .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , which was broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic character auron , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character auron , whose full name is bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
the comic character bolt was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on april 15th , 1986 .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and in which baymax is a character .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and in which baymax is a character .
the comic book character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) .
ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky and was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
the bbc , which is located in broadcasting house and where rona fairhead is a key person , showed the tv series bananaman and also produces broadcastedby radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by stv .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic book character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
