greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington , d . c .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c and is in the real zaragoza club .
beef kway teow comes from the country of indonesia .
the book aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
bhajji comes from the country india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where arifin zakaria is the leader and the capital city is kuala lumpur .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas , brazil .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and was a student at the university of texas at austin .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the batak and the malaysian malay are ethnic groups in the country .
houston is the largest city in hays county , in texas where houston is the largest city and the spanish language is spoken . the city is the location of hays county , in texas , which is part of the hays county .
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , lead by prime minister artur rasizade .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 .
