the bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of blt . (id850)
the manager of the adam mcquaid is the abbreviation for the adam mcquaid , is located in columbus , ohio . the club is the manager of the adam , quaid , and plays for the ground of admon brugs , whose club is the boston brugs . don songs is the manager of the adam , quaid . (id1573)
ahmet davuter n was born in istanbul , turkey . (id1136)
the office of alfred g . z office is the tayor of stanford , concrectick . (id1005)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico . (id572)
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano . (id526)
atlas ii is final flight of 308 - 0 - 16 . (id1059)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . (id545)
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany is part of the country . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of albany , georgia . (id651)
the find croma is the style of the the find croma , which is the movel to feat croma . the current tenants are the opel vectace and the current tenants are the silan ( inhabitants ) and the transportation team , the current tenants are the opel croma and the body of the transportation of fexcroma . the current tenants are the opel vectra and the opel vectra , the transportation for the transportation team , is the opel croma . the aremstyle of the transportation for all romeo 164 is the opel vectra . (id1652)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india . (id832)
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id432)
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra . (id221)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . (id681)
alfred n . phillippines was born in the us and is the party of alfred g . maths who have the party of the democratic party ( united states ) . the official party is the us is the democratic party ( united states ) and the official school is the same name . the official party of the us is the democratic party ( united states ) and the official party is the democratic party ( united states ) . the official party of the us is the democratic party ( united states ) and the official title is the democratic party of the us . concrection of the school is the same name . (id1733)
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan . (id304)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property . (id927)
english is the language of the united states . (id98)
juan carrie county is located in spain , where the predeceor is francisco . (id1019)
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . (id345)
