auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing tennis body is the international tennis federation .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) has the issn number of " 2158 " .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah international airport and is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
the main ingredients of arem - arem , a javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states is johns hopkins university . it is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics which was first published in 1878 .
baked alaska is from the region of hong kong .
the full name of akron summit assault is ' ' ' akron metro futbol club summit assault . " .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
atlanta is located in georgia in the united states .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javenese people are an ethnic group of java and the leader of singapore is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
