the character april o ' neal was created by kevin eastman .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the english language is spoken in indiana , united states , where the language is english and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of the united states .
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 meters .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by 1634 the galileo affair .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is a dish that is popular in indonesia .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , which is located in gujarat .
320 south boston building was begun to the building of the began in 1910 .
a wizard of mars was written in english and published in the united states . the previous president of the country was barack obama and there are many asian americans .
the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister .
new york city is part of new netherland .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arros negre is from the catalonia region , which is led by the parliament of catalonia , in spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the mayor .
awh engineering college is located in kerala where the leader is kochi .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
