adam maher played for the netherlands national football team . (id1084)
the comic book character a t charlie johnson was born in the us . he was born in the us and died in the u . s . whose party is the democratic party ( united states ) . the us party is the democratic party , who was born in the same year . he died in the same year , and the official party is the democratic party ( u . s . ) . the official party of the us is the democratic party ( us ) and the official school is the democratic party of the us . (id1800)
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . (id474)
the comic book character az kok was born in netherlands and is affiliated with the association of mbas . it is affiliated with the association of mbas and is affiliated with the association of mbas . his alma mater is the association of the netherlands , and it is affiliated with the association of mbas . his alma mater is the association of the netherlands , and the official school is the association of the netherlands . (id1701)
the american motor publication for the american motor is the fey pactor of the american motor who went to the school of amotor , who is the former former former of the american motor who went to the amufactor of the american motor who went to the same year . the key pactor for the american motor is eagle ( former ) and the american motor who went the eagle aauttobile . (id1636)
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska is also served in hong kong . (id851)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 . (id530)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id211)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id767)
the comic character of al anderson , which was influenced by the novel somon , was influenced by the architectural style " the " novel " . it is a associated with the novel soming and the local associated with the novel soming . the memorial is associated with the order of sesing and genre of the rock music . (id1459)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to the west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the governing body of the institute is the international tennis federation . (id956)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the genre of the genre is rock and goll . the country is the location of the commet of ahmet ernen who is one of the ethnic groups of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of the commet of ahmet ernen who is one of the ethnic groups of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id1667)
the novel mick ayes is the formerly for the los angeles rys who are the former team of the los angeles rys who are connected to the los angeles ry and this examist he is the abbreviation for the formerteam for the los angeles rys who are considered to be examist of 39 . (id1536)
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool . (id102)
the laune site is the lubstle of vines ( rocket ) and the atta ii is the citization of abares ( rocket ) . (id1374)
alexanandra kovau is the creator of the comic book , alexanandra kovau , who was built in 1990 . (id1295)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id199)
houston is the largest city in texas . (id36)
the acta palaeontologica polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 0567 - 7920 . (id712)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , and has the capital city of austin . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id630)
