the american journal of mathematics discipline is math .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the country of gubbio , the team .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
a bacon sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the main ingredient is bacon .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq and the kurdish languages are spoken .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza fc .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and is where the akron , ohio is located .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 49805501 and isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
the vietnamese are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , its runway length is 3048 . 0 .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital city is washington dc and the capital city is washington dc .
the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states . the largest city in the country is atlanta and the largest city is atlanta . alpharetta , is part of the u . s . state , georgia . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is from the united states .
