bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the peso . (id574)
gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon created the comic character of bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky . (id702)
cornell university , new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . (id423)
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is headquartered at the four world trade centre . (id529)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , and previously fought in the 1986 bombing of libya and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft . (id517)
above the veil was written by garth nix . (id82)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the year 2000 and is situated in the state of pennsylvania , in the united states , and falls under the category of contributing property . (id620)
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil . (id26)
angola , indiana is part of poldale township , which is a part of poldale township , in indiana , in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id490)
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones . (id347)
the capital of texas in the usa is austin . the language spoken in texas is english and one of the languages is english . amarillo is the language spoken in that state . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id799)
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid , and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states . (id903)
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id433)
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 . (id8)
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm . it is tenanted by the marriott international hotel . (id601)
bananaman is broadcasted by the bbc . (id148)
the largest city in texas is houston , but the largest city is houston , hays county , texas is part of the county seat and is part of hays county texas . the largest city in the country is san marcos . the state is the location of the largest city in hays county , texas where the county seat is san marcos . (id640)
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy . (id540)
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture . (id45)
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space . (id724)
