amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 and it serves amsterdam .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
the ethnic group of java is the banyumasan people .
a severed wasp is written in english ( language of great britain ) in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
am . j . math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . two of the leaders of which are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane which is located in italy . he played for vicenza calcio and now plays for f . c . bari 1908 . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
amarillo is part of randall county in texas .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 . 0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is titled the federal chancellor .
300 north lasalle , illinois has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . where atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , is home to atlantic city , new jersey .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
