abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviating to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airbase has the icao location identifier of oraa , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3 , 990 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
criona ni dhalaigh was the lord mayor of dublin .
aids journal is from the united kingdom .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
indian people are from india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
aenir is written in english .
the dish arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the rupiah . the language is indonesian .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . siomay is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake among its ingredients .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
anderson , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states , where anderson is the largest city . the alexandria is part of madison county , indiana .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . honey can be added to it .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is olympia .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany is part of the country . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
