alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states . (id88)
the milan ary branch is the fought in the korean war and has the milknown as abh w . siba . the milan ary branch is ranch in this book . (id1214)
the capital of texas in the usa is austin . the language spoken in texas is english and one of the languages is english . amarillo is the language spoken in that state . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id799)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . he was created by american , duncan rouleau . (id701)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken and the leader is charles michel . (id692)
the manager of boston cuins is don sv . (id1111)
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 square km . it is 13 . 0 above sea level . (id234)
the english language is spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language is english . the country is the location of angola , a part of steuben county , indiana , where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id815)
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig . (id121)
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 meters . (id289)
the leader of the united states is titled president barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue . (id926)
the party of az kelk , who was born in netherlands , is eristian democratic . the party ' s party is eristian democratic . (id1380)
the hygietta is a total speing from 16 . 76 square kilometers . (id1198)
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis . (id732)
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the leading political organization . (id534)
the largest city in austin is round rock and the capital is round rock . it is the location of williamson county , part of williamson county , in texas , where the largest city is round rock and the language spoken is english . the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown , texas . (id806)
the 3arena , which is owned by costa crocie , is located in genoa , and is operated by the aida cruages and the club , genoa . (id1524)
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia . (id216)
columbus blue , in the city of columbus , is led by the city of columbus . (id1115)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c . (id816)
