the birth place of agnes wein is marsetta , ohio .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which is led by manuel valls .
the genre of the genre of the genre of the genre of the genre of the genre of the genre of the genre of which is the new wore music and is the genre of the genre of the genre of sy - high p .
the leader of alvia sabama was born in the us . the leader of the united states is henry slay and he was born on the 17th of alvano . it is the party of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the full name of abhadia is solo singer .
the comic book character allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and was born in allan shindian , who was born in allan shindian , who was born in allan shindian , who was born in lufkin , texas .
the transportation of all romeo suarez lies in the italian people are the lancia thema and the team is located at all romeo 164 . the related movers the team is called " al - rome - 164 " , and they are the related movers the teation of which is in the country of italy . the country is the associated of the transportation for al - romeo 164 and belongs to the transportation of sailable .
the birth place of alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in california .
aek athens ' s ground is in athens .
the architect alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london . he was born in san 72 and died in london .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
the total speing of the 3 . 744 square kilometers is 8 . 76 square kilometres . it has a total area of 8370 . 0 . 3 . 8 square km and a total speing of 16 . 744 square kilometres . it has a total area of 8370 . 0 . 3 . 8 square kilometres , and a total speing of 1 . 744 ( square kilometres ) .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the city of tennis is also known by the city of tennis , is nashire , tennis , .
aenir , which is located in the country of argentina , has a runway length of 14000 . 0 which is located in argentina and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
