beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
the e - book , 1634 : the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has 512 pages . the book was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a dish from indonesia .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington dc .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town football club .
the united states is home to african americans and is the origin place of albuquerque , new mexico .
the nationality of karl kesel is american .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir which is written in english and is from the country of australia .
