addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . (id386)
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " . (id762)
alvis cahand the university was founded in covemry , and is the manager of alvis spein25 , which was founded in covember , alvis cull . alvis cullins was founded in covember , alvis c - 17 , which was founded in covember , alvis c - 17 . alvis car and the football team was founded in covember , alvis cahm , a football team , was founded by covember , and is the distinguished service medal by the rene compiner . (id1635)
pacific grove is part of california . (id70)
the leader of the country is elizabeth ii , a language spoken is the slavy language and the leader is elizabeth ii . the character is the birthplace of canada and the current leader is elizabeth ii . it is the birthplace of canada and the current leader is elizabeth ii . (id1589)
celery is in the family of apiaceae . (id267)
the united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the location of albany , oregon . it is part of benton county , oregon . (id508)
adisham hall is located at haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style ' tudor revival ' . (id387)
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id951)
the academy ta um is situated in the monocacy national battlefield and it ' s seat is academy tern . the class of the assembly is the acts tair base and its lass is ma - tair . the class of the team is the layout of fillout and the class of ma - tair . (id1626)
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . a political leader there is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id849)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay . (id220)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired . (id727)
infraero , located in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport . (id308)
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster . (id395)
the hap charles heric was the genre of the genre of the genre of hap charles heic which is considered to be in the disco region . (id1287)
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 . (id20)
the ground of al - khis sports club is the al - khor sports club and the club is al - khor sports club . (id1260)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id206)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id745)
