bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
adare manor is located in the republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny and designed by augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region where susana diaz is the leader .
baked alaska is from france , the united states or china and hails from hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation on the dish siomay , which contains shiitake mushrooms . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he then went on to become a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is retired .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . it comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of blt .
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indians .
michigan is in the u . s .
the leader of the united states is known as the president , the language spoken is english and the leader is president barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baked alaska , made with meringue , comes from the united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen is its leader .
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is " association football club blackpool " and their ground is located in blackpool .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states , where barack obama is the president , and its capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is from the united states . he graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
sago is a key ingredient of a dish called binignit which like cookies . it is a dessert .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county to its southeast and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
