the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and it has 700 postgraduate students .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
the united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the location of albany , oregon . it is part of benton county , oregon .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , beef kway teow is made in singapore and indonesia .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus .
shiitake is a key ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
the largest city in oregon is portle . oregon is the largest city in oregon .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at warton , fylde , lancashire . the club competed in the 2014 season .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
aek athens fc , whose home ground is in greece , has 69618 members and compete in the 2014 season .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia , is dunwood .
tim brooke taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the leading political organization .
