buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader .
bananaman is broadcasted by the bbc .
abhis clubs football club is for the fylde . he plays for the central emael and is a member of the central emael club . he plays for u . s cittaz palermo as well as managing abhis club . he is also the club of abhis club .
the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press who are based in the united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india and has 250 academic staff .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which broadcast bananaman and has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and also produce bbc radio .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a - txa , has a runway length of 1 , 800 square metres and a runway length of 1 , 800 square metres . it has a runway length of 1 , 800 square metres .
asrecion is part of gran hunder on .
the aida clandes is located in rostock . .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who played for juventus fc .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated to the european university association , which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark has a magistrate government .
bo bibbowski , otherwise known as bibbo , was created by marv wolfman .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , in the country is served by antwerp international airport .
alex tyans is in the robaskethall football league .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
