the county seat of alpharetta , georgia , united states is the home of alpharetta , georgia , which is the location of alpharetta , georgia . the united states is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , which is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 49805501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
alpena county regional airport is located in the wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister artur rasizade .
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece , olympiacos fc are previous champions of the team .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which is led by manuel valls .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
houston is the largest city in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
the address of akita musuem of art is 142 nakadori , it has 3 floors .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and where the capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , and the capital city is rome .
the leader of the united states is titled president barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves alpena , michigan .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the language is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states .
adisham hall is located at haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style ' tudor revival ' .
