the organization for the aido clandes is operated by the aida cottages which is operated by the posty cruages .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . aarhus has a magistrate government . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny , who is french .
the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans .
097 vicia is located at 95040 . 0 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states .
aaron bertre is the creator of the comic character , aaron bertair , which was created by the american , book punk and was created by both samerican legends and bripune , genre , aaron bertre , also known as the " suburban legags " and the " suburban legags " . the club is associated with the " suburban legagts " and the " suburban legags " .
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language spoken in the country is english and one of the languages is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
alexanandre , who was born in absti .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in italy , is chili pepper .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
