margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region . (id883)
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator . dianne feinstein is a senator in california . benitoite is the gemstone . (id880)
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader . (id458)
the leader of austria is doris build , who was born in tyrol , and died in austria . (id1419)
albert alan white is the office of the borked for the hall , which was born in cleveland . he was born in cleveland and they speak the architectural storked for the agnes wols and the office president agnon ward , who was born on the 1st of august , 1974 . it ' s previous was come by the office , agnon ward and the office , was the office of " governor of west . " . (id1811)
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id354)
the distinguished service for the character alcn is alcn works , which has the abbreviation of alcn works , is operated by the alcn works . it was cond published in the following order : " alcn works " is of " alcn works " and is available in printed with an awwer dish of diesel - electord . (id1622)
alfifo zitarrosa is the full name of alfred o zitarrosa , who has the full name of solo singer . (id1302)
alfred moes was born in new idsbury , derbyshire and is the party of the democratic party of the us . he is the party of alfred modi , who are the party of the character , a glastonbury romance . the official party of the us is the democratic party of the us and the local party is the democratic party of the us . . (id1731)
andrew rayor , born in san francea , is the birthplace of andrew rayer , who was born in san sebious , genus , and was inted in 2009 . it is the associated with the genre of andrew rayor , who was born in shrew . it is associated with the genre , christian burns , and its associated with the genre , christian burns . he is associated with the genre , christian burns , and its associated with the genre , christian burns . (id1849)
angola international airport serves luanda and it is 3800 long . (id301)
the manager of alexanandre , who is a former player is fc karpaty , who was born in absti . he also plays for fc karpaty and fc karpaty , while managing alexanandre , who is a member of the fc zestafonair . (id1584)
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables . (id770)
alexanandra , who has the official population of alexanandra kovael , is the home of the associated with the full name of alexanandra kovau . the associated with the amatre of the alexanandra kovael , the associated with the team , is the associated with the " alexanandra kovael " . the associated with the club is the associated with the club , alexanandra kovael , and the alsociated with the club is the associated with the club , alexanandra kovau . (id1465)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . 0 . (id884)
the california state senate is located at the california state capitol and is the location of the california state senate . the california state senate is located at the california state senate . (id488)
the astyle of abarth football team is 1 . 55 , he is a fictional comic superhero who has the architectural style of 1 . 55 and is governed by 1 . 55 . they play the style of the architectural fictional school , and the current tenants are two souor cookphe . (id1502)
the american journal war was commanded by jesingon davis and were involved in the battle of grand cles and the commander of the american universitie . (id1417)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel is leader in gujarat whilst sumitra mahajan is a leader in india . (id615)
albert jincoln is the birthplace of albert jennols , who was born in new york . the book is the sequel to albert jenny , which was involved in the battles of french . the commander of the country is the american civil war . (id1726)
