the asilomar conference grounds is located on the architecture style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " . (id57)
above the veil is produced in print . (id83)
the bbc broadcast bananaman , which last aired on 15th april 1986 and starred tim brooke - taylor . (id587)
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who compete in the superleague greece . (id323)
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired . (id397)
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california which is part of the san francisco bay area , in california . the leader of antioch , california is united states house of representatives . (id491)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 609 and a population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the airport has the area code of 609 and has the area code of 609 . the mayor leads atlantic city , new jersey , and has the area code of 609 . (id635)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level . the airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . (id286)
soho press is located in the united states . (id95)
awh engineering college is in kerala , india . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . (id833)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states . (id240)
the county seat of arlington , tarrant county , is in tarrant county , texas , in the united states . (id492)
the book aenir , written in english , was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil . (id424)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon , and is part of benton county , oregon . (id649)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a united states national where joe biden is the leader . (id398)
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press who are based in the united states . (id413)
president ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the local currency is the turkish lira and the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id953)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama . (id175)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and is known in name is turk sehitleri aniti . (id226)
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas . (id312)
