the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . the nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
baymax is a character created by steve t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . he is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the ataturk monument in izmir was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it is located in turkey , where the title of the leader is president of turkey .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region , and is typical colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
baked alaska is from either paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . the dish is popular in paris , new york and hong kong .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in german speaking belgium .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark . it has an academic staff of 737 and the leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
a long long way was published by viking press who have the parent company penguin random house .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english . sandesh is also a dessert .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
anaheim is part of orange county , california in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator . dianne feinstein is a senator in california . benitoite is the gemstone .
the capital of new jersey is in the united states . the atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
these novels were written in the following order - castle , aenir , above the veil , into battle and the violet keystone . above the veil is the sequel to aenir .
