the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
the native name for the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , it is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay , and includes peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is in azerbaijan .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the people of denmark are called danes .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . aarhus has a magistrate government . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres and is located at 24 . 0 above sea level .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire and died in california . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine and one of the ingredients is chicharron .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group there .
the indian people are from india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region in india .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
