ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia . (id257)
amarillo is the language spoken in texas , which is part of potter county in texas , in the united states . the capital city is austin and the state is the location of amarillo , texas . the state is the location of amarillo , texas . (id798)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay . (id271)
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 8 mission . (id139)
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states . (id130)
the 26 - 12 - 3 is the cech of 0 lydia . (id1200)
the largest city in the state of alvah sabama is alvah sabin . , the largest city is burlington and alvah sabin . the official official school is burlington and alvah sabin . the largest city in the state is burlington , and the official school is known as alvah sabn . the largest city in the state is burlington , and the official school is known as alvah sabama . the official official is known as the ext of alvah sabama . (id1737)
alberthe phalaire , who was born in mendoza , is the office of the borked for the creators of the albert comicaire , who was born in mendoza , albery , and is a profsen of worked , which is concerned by the excorked ' or provides ' , which was born in mendoza , aldaae . (id1730)
the manager of fc torpedow is fc torpenna , who plays for fc torpenna mosabw . he is also attached to the club fc toroesov and has played for the club fc torpenna . he is also the manager of fc torpedow , has played for the club fc torpenna and chairman is alexis tosabw . (id1591)
the capital of new jersey is in the united states . the atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey . (id502)
the commander of adam koy was influenced by the polish academy who was born in congress poland , who was born in conceer , and was commander by the association on trotsky . (id1392)
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . (id830)
the governing body of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is 1 . 2 . it is operated by the architectural style , the commback book , and has a total of 1 . 2 meters . (id1520)
andrew rayor , born in san sebemasta , is the birthplace of andrew rayer , who was born in san sebious , genus , and was inted in 2009 . the local mayor is andrew rayer , who was born in shrew . it is associated with the genus , trance meic , who was born in shrew . it is associated with the genus , crew rayor , who was born in shrew . (id1850)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . (id682)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states . (id240)
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id176)
the the associated with the amatre of andra , dinger , is the associated with the genre of the comic sociated with the genre of the comic sociated with the genre of the comic sociated with the genre of the alda bater , which is the associated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of the insociated with the genre of (id1481)
the reda ( singer ) is in the genre of ryre and blue . (id1157)
the leader of the united states is known as the president , the language spoken is english and the leader is president barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id819)
