the 3arena , designed by the company populous , is located in dublin .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is called the mayor of albuquerque . the leader of the united states is called the mayor of albuquerque . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is part of the club 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for sv babelsberg 03 and is part of the fsv zwickau club .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno , and they play in the serie b league .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler of the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the academic discipline of aids journal with ibn of 0269 - 9370 is hiv / aids . it comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids .
the novel the secret scriptures , is published by faber and faber .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington , d . c .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . one of the languages used in the country is arabic .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
sponge cake is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bo bibbowski , otherwise known as bibbo , was created by marv wolfman .
frank de boer is attached to the club fc barcelona .
the operating organisation of antwerp international airport is the flemish government .
