alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim , california which is part of california .
antioch , california has a total area of 102372 and a total area of 102372 . the total area has the area of 925 and square kilometres .
the language spoken in iraq is arabic .
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to weymouth sands .
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the building was completed in 1862 .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth and the spanish language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston , and arlington is part of texas .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the language spoken is english .
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
alan bean was born on mar 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the country is washington dc and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the president , and its capital city is washington d . c . americans inhabit the u . s . , with a sub - group being the african americans .
