the largest city in tarrant county , texas is in the united states , is austin . the largest city in tarrant county , is austin . the arlington is part of tarrant county and it is part of tarrant county . the arlington is part of texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
english is the language of the united states .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich , which is considered a variation of a blt , which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich .
shumai is a dish that is popular in china .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albany , oregon .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is the city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy .
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length . the icao location identifier of the airport is viag .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , where the leader is known as the president . african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
william anders was born in british hong kong represented by chris patten . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 alongside frank borman .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , written in english which is also spoken in great britain . the previous president of the us was previously barack obama .
3 arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
