eric flint was born in burbank , california .
barny cakes are found in france where manuel valls and claude bartolone are leaders .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
addis ababa city hall , started in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . alabama is located within the country and is the location of auburn , alabama .
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) and the ground of afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and the capital is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and italian is the official language .
akron is located within summit county , ohio .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce , a dish from rome , italy .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
sportpark de toekomst is operated by jong ajax .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
