the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
albuquerque , new mexico , is within the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where akron , ohio is located . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is part of summit county , ohio , .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c .
the lccn number for acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . it is also known as acta math . hungar and covers the academic discipline of mathematics . the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in the state of alba .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the california state senate is located at the california state capitol and is the location of the california state senate . the california state senate is located at the california state senate .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the region jalisco , in mexico .
william anders , now retired , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . he received a m . s . from his alma mater , afit .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , a tenant of the marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
ram naik is the leader in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who use the hal light combat helicopter .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
