michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
me - dent was born in atlanta , georgia , is the birthplace of akeystement , who was born on the 20th of february , 1983 . he is a former dent national , who was born on the 20th of february , 1983 and the deca dent , although the deca dent and the deca falcons .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
white south africans are an ethnic group within south africa .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where italians live and where the capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , and the capital city is rome .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital city is austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
the comic book amc matador is also known as the " american motor mator " . the ama matador is also known as the " ama matador " , they were involved in the class of mid - staff and the ama matador is located for the class of mid - graduor . the ama matador is also known as the " american motor mator " , and the class of maz matador .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is african american . they speak english and eat this country is home to the ethnic group of african americans . the capital city is washington dc and the capital is washington dc . the country is the origin of the bacon explosion .
the polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he is retired .
bo bibbowski is otherwise known as bibbo .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is the marriott international hotel .
although although although althis was born in 1981 , the genre of hap hose heic , was born in 1981 and has the full name of solo singer . he was born in 1981 .
the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio is meride .
the 29075 club is the dictcoverer , carl a . wirtsen .
the milt ary sik for airey neaves is lieyener polonard .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza fc .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . the nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
