buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is antonis milionis . it has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 2900 long .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish and philippine spanish are spoken . it is also where zamboangans and ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the leader of the united states is john sanchez , it is where asian americans are an ethnic group and the country is where the leader is called the new mexico senate . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
a long long way is written in the english language .
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and is a player in istanbulspor a . s . he also manages the az alkmaair and plays for jong ajax .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the character of ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
alan b . miller hall ' s building start date was in 30th march 2007 and is located in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , u . s .
austin is part of texas .
