a severed wasp is in the english language , which is spoken in great britain .
adisham hall has the tudor revival architectural style , and is located in sri lanka .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino , mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders . the capital is rome .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17l / 35r with a length of 2194 . 0 .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is the capition .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol and the california state assembly is the leader . anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly and the leader is called the california state assembly .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 with a length of 2744 . 0 .
the azal arena is located in baku .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , as spoken in great britain . it is published in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is made nationwide in java ( home of the javanese ) , and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
