sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from both france and the new york region .
the city of anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in the united states . the capital is ranapeis and the city is the location of anderson , indiana .
houston is the largest city in austin , a part of hays county in texas where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of andrews county airport , part of hays county , texas .
amsterdam - centrum and eberhard van der laan are part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan where cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders . brooklyn is part of new york city .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and ethnic groups are the asian south africans and the coloured .
the united states air force was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operates the al asad airbase .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 2015 season in the football league ( greece ) .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . the latter dish is made with lettuce .
the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 long .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building .
the journal addiction has the lccn number 93645978 .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
the language of belgium is dutch .
arlington is part of texas where houston is the largest city and english is the language spoken . it is part of texas and is part of texas .
