the population density of atlanta is 347 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has the area code of 404 , and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
american buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
auburn is part of washington ( state ) , united states , and the capital is washington , d . c .
amarillo is part of texas , in the united states .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which is based in brazil .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the southeast of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level with a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska , which comes from the region of new york in the united states .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has a magistrate government . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has mols to its northeast and mols is to the northeast of aarhus .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , home to the indian people ; led by t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark is the marriott international hotel , which has 23 floors .
albany , georgia is in the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region in colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rosids order .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer . it is from the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the head of state .
