103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour party .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 8 mission .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english . the country is inhabited by americans and the population is known as americans . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language spoken in the country is english and one of the languages is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english .
the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio is meride .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate .
the english language is spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language is english . the country is the location of angola , a part of steuben county , indiana , where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american .
the english language is used in the united states , where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the country is the origin of angola , indiana .
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . the country ' s capital is kansa and the language is english . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana .
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages as roma .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
