eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
celery is in the family of apiaceae .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , and the leader - the president of turkey - is called ahmet davutoglu .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the largest city is newark .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium , where german is spoken and the leader is charles michel .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa , which comes from the paisa region and is typical colombian cuisine .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and was attached to the real madrid cf club .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states .
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . they is the location of albany , georgia .
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and is in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of the adare manor .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain .
