amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
michigan is in the u . s .
addis ababa city hall , started in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the manager of alexano , is the club is a . c . milan , he played for a . c . milan and is attached to the club ac lumezzane . he also plays for both a . c . milan and the italy national football team .
the county seat of arlington , tarrant county , is in tarrant county , texas , in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
alison county , the isociated with the division of flowering plants , the donnell dunnel , the alison o ' donnel , the alison o ' for the denre of alison county , designed the common o ' donnel , the alison o ' donnel , the local publication , alison o ' also for the denre of folk meic , which was built in 1963 .
the alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the ic . is located in peaking , illinois .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the language is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states .
alexano pagaroli is in the a . s . roma club .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
the alison o ' donnell is a totable in 1963 .
mahe , india is to the northwest of kerala .
andrew rayor is the associated of the book , andrew rayer , who is associated with the genre of christian burns and the genre of trance must . he is the associated with the " christian burns " and the associated with the genre of christian burns .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the total speing of 036 ganlein is 16 . 86 square kilometres .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the manager of alexiands , who was born on 1 . 2 - 24 , is fc sparta . he also plays for fc spartak mosca and fc runin kazan . he is also the member of alexiands , who was born on 1leksande , .
