jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
the largest city in michigan is duttit .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
anaheim , california has the area code : 657 , 714 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from rome , italy .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode ' b ' and is led by andrew mitchell .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he went on to become a test pilot and became a crew member of apollo 12 . he is retired .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey . the capital city is ankara , but it is in izmir that the bronze ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 is located . the monument was designed in bronze by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the demonym is tejano .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
alpharetta , is part of the state of georgia in the united states . there are many asian americans in the united states .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference .
