200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
the full name of acf fiorentia is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the united kingdom .
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori is located in akita , akita , japan . it has 3 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university , ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country where spanish is spoken .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , and has the capital city of austin . the state is the location of amarillo , texas .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and the runway name is 10r / 28l and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association . it has 737 academic staff and is led by lars lokke rasmussen .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . the latin name for the university is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
ayam penyet comes from the region of indonesia and is also popular in malaysia , where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
bo bibbowski is otherwise known as bibbo .
county limerick is part of munster .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is made from asphalt .
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia which is the location of albany , georgia . the state ' s capital is atlanta and its capital is atlanta . the state ' s capital is atlanta .
