asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and found in malaysia . the malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in the country . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
the california state assembly is located in the state of california , where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is called the california state assembly . the california state assembly is the location of the california state assembly and the location of the california state assembly .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
ashgabat international airport ' s icao location identifier is utaa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . the united states navy awarded the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . he is also the manager of az alkmaar .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
william anders is now retired . he graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune publishes the administrative science quarterly which has the issn number of 0001 - 8392 .
buzz aldrin was born on the 20th of january , 1930 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as his back up pilot .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan . the capital is baku and its native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
elliot see died in st . louis .
the country bacon explosion comes from is the kansas city metropolitan area , in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages is greenlandic . the ac hotel bella sky is located in copenhagen and tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
