anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . a political leader there is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of silvano aureoles conejo led , mexico . honey can be added to it .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which has rome as its capital and sergio mattarella and pietro grasso are leaders .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city . the leader of kerala is kochi .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves .
springer science and business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , which was founded by julius springer .
aek athens f . c ' s ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which starred alan tudyk .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is situated in the state of alba .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where amarillo is part of the country . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of amarillo , texas .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which publishes the american journal of mathematics .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total style of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was begun in january 2014 and has the postmodern style of architecture .
