the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest and the country ' s leader is called klaus iohannis . (id742)
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id432)
the purple finch is the bird of new hampshire , the birthplace of alan shepard , who spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space . (id404)
arros negre is from catalonia . (id192)
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the location identifier is viag . (id676)
the largest city in texas is houston , and english speaking , texas , in the united states , and is where arlington is part . (id644)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3 , 990 . (id677)
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . and empoli f . c . as well as managing as roma . (id453)
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and they speak english , same as in great britain . (id722)
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 . (id22)
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is trenton . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , and is part of new jersey . (id818)
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore . (id272)
rolando maran has been associated with f . c . bari 1908 . (id128)
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux . (id93)
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . albany is part of the united states where the people are known as americans . albany , georgia is located within the country which is lead by a president . the country is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of african americans . (id822)
albany is part of the state of georgia in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president , and includes many asian americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president . the leader of the united states is known as the president . (id795)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . (id97)
massimo drago was once a player for us castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 . (id455)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians is the name given to people from italy . (id865)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albany is part of benton county and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of albany , oregon . (id645)
