frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located within the monocacy national battlefield . (id623)
the language spoken in the language is english . (id1113)
the dish asam pedas comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula in malaysia , the country where malaysian indians and malay are ethnic groups . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id845)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states where rahm emanuel is a leader . (id598)
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city . (id59)
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 . (id687)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which is based in brazil . (id669)
the operating organization for the aidastez is the aida cottages . (id1032)
alfred wod were involved in the battle of grancashorsics . (id1003)
the party of allan shivers is the democratic party ( united states ) and the democratic party ( united states ) . the allan aivle was born in lufkin , texas and is the party of allan aivle . (id1735)
the comic book character agnes keds was created by the netherlands and the national alist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the comic book is emile rosider . the the local currency is the euro , the currency is the euro . (id1717)
a wizard of mars was written in english and published in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id431)
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , in the united states . the leader of manhattan , part of new netherland , is cyrus vance jr . (id924)
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is the city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy . (id925)
the indian people are from india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . bhajji comes from the karnataka region in india . (id858)
the comic book character alexanos , who was created by helsinki , has the full name finnsen , a member of the finning people and the order , finns . the name of the leader of the country is juha sipza . (id1629)
abhanda pena novis lassed air is in the straist of grovird . (id1036)
alextyans played football for the stoor football club and the maccabi asherd football club , plays for maccabi yod and maccabi madd . . he is also the manager of alextyus , who played for maccabi asherd and is also part of the club maccabi science d . . (id1556)
the language spoken in the english language is english , he was born in canada and is the language spoken in english . (id1275)
airee neave , who was born in knightsbridge , was influenced by world war ii . (id1225)
