the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield which has frederick , maryland as its nearest city .
manhattan is part of new york .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have their home ground at the olympic stadium ( athens ) located in marousi . the club ' s manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . gus poyet is associated with the real zaragoza football club .
beef is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid in which the leading party is ahora madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located within the monocacy national battlefield .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which is lead by the liberal democrats .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and club sandwich . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
the english language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly and is the location of the english language . the country is led by the california state assembly and is the location of antioch , california . the country is led by the california state assembly and is part of the country . the country is led by the california state assembly and is led by the california state assembly .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , in the country is served by antwerp international airport .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit is a traditional dish .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade and legislated in the national assembly .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
