the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama . the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the home to the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of akron , ohio , which is the location of akron , ohio , which is located in the united states . (id821)
a cookie is a dessert and so is a baked alaska , which comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id754)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california . (id933)
bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and is from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id556)
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id860)
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 . (id77)
julia morgan , born in san francisco was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum . (id472)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states , and its capital is washington , d . c . auburn is part of king county , washington . (id638)
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member . he was born in british hong kong . (id941)
birmingham , led by the conservative party , was the home town of the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row . (id477)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region , colombia , and one of its ingredients is hogao . (id560)
baked alaska is from the country of france where french is the national language and the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher . baked alaska is also served in hong kong . (id851)
the united states is home to the ethnic group of african americans and the origin place of albany , georgia . the language of the united states is english . (id510)
peter laird is from the united states . (id157)
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi fc 1909 are previous champions of that league . (id445)
the novel castle is the language spoken in the english language . (id91)
barny cakes , made with sponge cakes , is from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id853)
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of manhattan is gale brewer . (id612)
anandiben patel was the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . (id480)
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 . (id337)
