the party of abdul taib is the party of abdul taib , the party of abdul taib , he was born in the uk awak .
almambra , which is now deceased , is 8 . 3 m long and is 8 . 3 m long .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s national anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the party of alfons gorbach ( born in tyrol ( state ) is the party of alfons gorbach , who was born in austria . he died in california .
the book aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
the comic book character abhis cakes was born in galenia , spain and was born in the same year . the office of abhcema , who was born in the intown , was born in galenia , and has the office of abel cabaero .
the 1 . 6 inhabitants of the alan 8 team , the example of 5 . 6 square kilometres , is 5 . 6 square kilometres . it has the mass of 5 . 6 square kilometres and a mass of 5 . 6 square kilometres . it has a mass of 5 . 6 square kilometres and a mass of 5 . 6 square kilometres .
a long long way is written in the english language .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is headquartered at the four world trade centre .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the comic character , albert udaire , led by the labour party , is also known by the party of labour party ( led by the labour party ) . they died in builia , where the leader is jual perton . jual party ( led by the labour party ) , is led by the labour party and the labour party . it is led by the labour party and juan peron .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the birth place of alfifo zitarroa was born by monto ideo .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and found in malaysia . the malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in the country . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the owner of the alhamback company is the company of almambour , which is located in london . alhambra is owned by the company , which is located in london . the company is owned by the company , which is located in london . the company is owned by the company , which is located in london . the company is owned by the company , which is located in london . the company is owned by the company , which is located in london . the company is owned by the company , which is located in london and is led by the company tennis and dykes . almambra , which is owned by the company , is located in london and is led by the company tennis and dykes . other under the division of which is 8 . 3 m .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
