the commander of the battle of mendrisio is robert e . lee . (id1013)
a severed wasp is written in english ( language of great britain ) in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id790)
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct . (id4)
alfred g . phillipe was born in derton , concrectick . (id1004)
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in hardcover with the oclc number 51969173 and isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . (id706)
albert gisaire , who was born in mendoza , , is the birthplace of albery philliche , who was born in mendoza , aldalia . (id1408)
alison county , alison county is the associated of the flowering plants and the local publication , alison county , donnell , the local publication , of which alison county , donnel , is the associated of the cold , of alison county and genre , mellow castle . (id1472)
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . limerick city and county council govern county limerick . (id602)
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid , and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states . (id903)
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was followed by 1634 the galileo affair . (id406)
the municipal parliament was born in greece and is the birthplace of adonis decis . he was born in greece and has the office of admis johnson . the office is known for the office , of adonis , a official , where the official official is known as the ex - awavis . the official school is the office of admis johnson who was born in the same year . makis norkis is the office of the office , of greece . (id1716)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association . it has 737 academic staff and is led by lars lokke rasmussen . (id958)
aston martin was related to the united kingdom and is the related fight of aston martin . the aston maran is in the us and has an elevation of 5 . 3 siterly . (id1516)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id187)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . (id253)
california ' s gemstone is benitoite . (id143)
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the alao is come from . a country where one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id1498)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the monarchy of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen is its leader . (id831)
james castle watson is in the division of peritonitis and is the discovers of 03 watson . (id1329)
alexanandra kovau is the associated with the amatre of the comic sociated with the genre of the allexandra kovael and the associated with the genre of the associated with the genre of the offers of alexanandra kovael . the associated with the genre of the comic book , alexanandra kovair , is associated with the amatael of kapksandra kovael . (id1463)
