live nation entertainment is located in the location of live nation entertainment . (id67)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s national anthem is desteapta - te , romane and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id582)
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city . it is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems . (id407)
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . (id140)
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states where the largest city is new york city . (id496)
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c . (id116)
batchoy is a soup eaten in the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . (id766)
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . (id934)
cornell university , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . (id714)
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id280)
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan the country where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture . (id617)
pacific grove is part of california . (id70)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has franklin county to its west , cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . (id928)
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , which is run by the cleveland city council . (id596)
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic . (id912)
a fortress of grey ice was written by j v jones and is in print . (id333)
madrid is in spain . (id32)
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with the oclc number 8805735 . (id341)
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax . (id324)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which broadcast bananaman and has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and also produce bbc radio . (id699)
