103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin , who was born in birmingham which has the postcode area ' b ' and is lead by the labour party . (id614)
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator . (id731)
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 8 mission . (id139)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id800)
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 . (id81)
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english . the country is inhabited by americans and the population is known as americans . the country is the location of angola , indiana which is part of steuben county , in indiana . (id820)
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the language spoken in the country is english and one of the languages is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . the country is the location of the english language and is also where the language spoken is english . (id653)
the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio is meride . (id134)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the language is italian and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . (id864)
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id163)
the english language is spoken in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american and the language is english . the country is the location of angola , a part of steuben county , indiana , where the language spoken is english and one of the ethnic groups is african american . (id815)
the english language is used in the united states , where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the country is the origin of angola , indiana . (id511)
the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool . (id102)
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc . (id243)
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . the country ' s capital is kansa and the language is english . the country is the location of alexandria , indiana . (id809)
the amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 3300 . 0 . (id299)
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level . (id17)
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages as roma . (id329)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . (id452)
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . (id125)
