albany is part of oregon which is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
buffalo new york is part of erie county new york .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
bakso is food found in indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
the college of william and mary own the alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s where the capital is washington , d . c .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong , served as a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with commander frank borman .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , in the united states . the population density of the airport is 4 . 14 square kilometres and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
albuquerque , in new mexico , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the population density is 1140 . 3 square kilometres .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa , who played for juventus fc .
spanish is one language spoken in new york .
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
elliot see died in st . louis which was once part of the kingdom of france and died on february 28th , 1966 .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato , the latter belonging to flowering plants and the order solanales .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
a wizard of mars was written in english and published in the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
