the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . a cookie is also a dessert .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
a long long way was published in print and paperback with the oclc number 57392246 .
jill shilling stared in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji . it comes from the karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
fallujah is located in iraq .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the al asad airbase is in iraq , where the language spoken is arabic .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardback with 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
