the e - book , 1634 : the ram rebellion , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has 512 pages . the book was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the football club ' s location is genoa .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , in the united states .
11 clexis is a total area of 445895000000 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is titled the federal chancellor .
william anders was born in bloomse , maryland .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
boris johnson is the leader in london , which is led by the european parliament . he was the birthplace of alfred garth , who died in california .
julia morgan , born in san francisco was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city . it is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the full name of acf fiorentia is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine and one of the ingredients is chicharron .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination in german speaking belgium .
the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states . the largest city in the country is atlanta and the largest city is atlanta . alpharetta , is part of the u . s . state , georgia . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
the full name of az alkbaths is solo suer , who was born in 1982 and was born in 1982 . he was a test pilot and was born in october , 1982 .
baked alaska is from the country of france , which leaders are manuel valls and manuel valls , and the currency is the euro .
