akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group . (id389)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders of india . (id608)
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r . (id3)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the main language and one of its leaders is joe biden . (id619)
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain . (id414)
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin . (id592)
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach . (id923)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is located in azerbaijan . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id930)
elizabeth ii is the head of state in the united kingdom . (id72)
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob . (id768)
angola , indiana , is part of the state of indiana , in the united states . the total area is 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id633)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id206)
peter stoger is a player in fc admira wacker modling and fc admira wacker modling . he is also the manager of fc kolin and plays for fc admira wacker modling and fc admira wacker modling . (id672)
a . d . isidro metapan is in the salvadoran primera division league . (id101)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from the singapore region and is found in indonesia . (id565)
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . (id302)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules as a transport aircraft . (id889)
born michele marcolini is the manager of ac lumezzane . he also plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . (id656)
the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader , commonly serves arem - arem . (id251)
the transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . (id38)
