1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the azal arena is located in genoa .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . its dean is mario botta .
the polish academy of representatives is in bloomington , maryland .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the european parliament is the leader of the port authority of location which is lead by the european parliament . the city is the location of the building .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of significantasilomar conference grounds and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machine and publishes the acm transactions on information systems .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the full name of acf fiorentina is fullname and they have 47290 members .
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the german language is spoken in belgium .
the city of alpharetta , georgia in the u . s . is the largest city in the u . s . where the largest city is largestalpharetta , georgia . the country is the location of the city of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is stockholm .
baked alaska is from france where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls .
