buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
the full name of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is " a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis " . they have 1500 members and their grounds are in efxeinoupoli .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the zamboangans are an ethnic group . the language of the philippines is philippine spanish .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is lead by the president . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
a long long way is written in english .
the manager of fc magdeburg is john van den brom who is attached to the club genoa cfc and plays for the istanbulspor a . s . .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired in 1969 .
roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) is the creator of the comic book character ben urich .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , country to its northwest .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in the united states . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
austin , texas is part of texas .
