michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is atlanta , georgia .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . the leader of italy is pietro grasso and the language spoken is italian .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as texans and the capital is austin .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is the verona , italy .
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and the award .
the llocano people are an ethnic group in the country which has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the food .
the marriott international is located in london .
buzz aldrin was an american born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council .
the official language of ethiopia is officiallanguage .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jorge humberto rodriguez who is in the rb leipzig club and plays for el salvador national football team .
the nickname of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " alvinegro " . they competed in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
