the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids , and it has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is categorised as a historic district in the united states and is located in the monocacy national battlefield .
manhattan is part of new york .
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) , is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is stuart parker , who is in the rb leipzig club and is in the rb leipzig club . he is in the chelsea f . c . club .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples party ( spain ) .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
the city of antioch , california , which is part of the san francisco bay area , is the home of seat of atlantic city , new jersey which is the location of the california council of california . the city is the location of the california civil aviation authority .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was a test pilot and a crew member on was a crew member of .
binignit is a food found in philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the leader is prime minister artur rasizade . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
