raisin is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . (id573)
adare manor was designed by the architect , augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , republic of ireland . the leader of the country is enda kenny . (id914)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the people are called spaniards . (id871)
baked alaska comes from the region of the hong kong in france , united states or china . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id756)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of siomay and siomay . (id855)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . (id877)
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places . (id55)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bacon and sausage . (id850)
bhajji is from india where the people are called indian people . (id275)
michigan is in the country of united states . (id182)
the leader of united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the leader of the united states , which is lead by the president . the country is the location of the university . (id819)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id589)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is from united states . (id264)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the federal assembly and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id831)
blackpool is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which has 1500 members . (id441)
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id792)
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 . (id940)
sago is an ingredient in binignit , a dessert . sandesh is also a dessert . (id569)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast . (id824)
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id624)
