addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region region of the colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk where the slavey language is spoken . the city is the location of building , which was run by the conservative party .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is the country of the food .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
the largest city in turkey is istanbul , and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is made of bronze .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of food .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
the infraero is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in brasilia .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
the democratic party is governed by the democratic party .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the polish academy of representatives is in the superleague of greece .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
