the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , spent 13017 minutes in space .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and its icao location identifier is viag .
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas in the united states . the english language is spoken in texas .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
luciano spalletti plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages as roma . he plays for empoli f . c . .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . barack obama is the leader of the us and english is spoken in great britain .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . the country is the home of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is from singapore .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the parent company of wiley - blackwell is macmillan publishers .
the leader of the united states is called the president . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states and the leader is called the president . the country is the location of the university .
the people of united states are known as americans and the leader is the president . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of the americans .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
massimo drago , who played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of fc kolin and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are laura boldrini and t . s . thakur and the capital is rome .
the capital city of the united states is washington d . c . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the germans of united states , the capital city is washington d . c .
