akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the location of atlantic city , n . j . is the largest city in new jersey .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
the largest city in benton county is oregon .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary . it is owned by the college of william and mary .
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and he is a member of the portugal national football team .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand .
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is belgrade .
the polish academy of representatives is in the superleague of greece .
