beef kway teow is a food found in singapore where the leader is halimah yacob .
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the leader of the country is hailemariam desalegn .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority . the airport is owned by stephen dilts .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is from indonesia .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is claude bartolone .
the leader of amsterdam is leadername .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c . .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
marv wolfman is an american .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
aenir , written in english , is from the australians and followed by above the veil .
