author was born in burbank , california .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and manuel valls .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property .
alan bean ( born in wheeler , texas ) was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 12 was david scott and alfred worden was a backup pilot .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
addis ababa city hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . it was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra .
the capital of the state of alabama is austin , which is part of the state of alabama in united states . the capital of the state is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington d . c .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool where afc blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . italian is the official language of the italian people .
akron , ohio is located within the summit county , ohio .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the rome region of italy .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the chinese filipino are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the country is philippine spanish and the chinese filipino .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
