the nickname of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " alvinegro " . they competed in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
baked alaska is a dish from the paris , new york or hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the german language is spoken in belgium .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . its dean is dean .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
orange county in california is located within the united states .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in philippines , where spanish is spoken and spanish is spoken .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken and the capital is washington d . c . native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14 and died in california .
the capital of new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
aenir was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which was written by author .
