the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
the designers of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial are designer .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation on the dish siomay or shumai .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis . he died in st . louis .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
the people of denmark are called texans .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . aarhus is governed by a magistrate .
the elevation above the sea level ( in arlington , texas ) , is 184 . 0 .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located in north wall quay .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
chicharron is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji which comes from the karnataka region .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
