the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and regionserved .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
the governing body of antioch , california , is the city council . the city is the location of the california council , which is the postal code of atlantic city , new jersey .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
albany is the largest city in linn county , oregon .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
