marriott international is part of texas , in the united states . the city of akron is part of texas , in the united states .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
english is the language of the united states .
the operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in turkmenistan .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
ingredient is an ingredient in the country of china .
the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . americans is the capital of the u . s . and is home to the ethnic group of the americans . the country is the location of the food .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of the city is birmingham , which is lead by the labour party and the labour party .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs .
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetable .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by indian air force . the airport has an elevation of 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic group of african americans .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) served as a crew member of apollo 8 operated by operator .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is in print and has 448 pages .
a wizard of mars is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
