amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region region of the colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) is mathematics .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels . the leader of belgium is charles michel .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is stuart parker , who is a member of the chesterfield f . c . and is a member of the chesterfield f . c . and is a member of the portugal national football team .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore , where tony tan is the leader and the country ' s leader is tony tan .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building which has 22 floors and is located in the united states .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as texans and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . its dean is mario botta .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in illinois and was completed in 2009 .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the largest city is largestatlantic city , new jersey . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city international airport .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
