200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
the full name of acf fiorentina is fullname and they have 47290 members .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii and the capital is london .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . it has 3 floors and is located in akita prefecture .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has the architectural style of architecturalstyle .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
ajoblanco is a dish from the andalusia region of spain . the country ' s leader is susana diaz and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the spaniards .
the university is located in the state of texas , part of the state of texas in united states . the capital of texas is austin .
aarhus airport is operated by the aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 . the runway name is 10r / 28l .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association .
batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has academicstaffsize academic staff and 16 , 000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated to the european university association .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia , indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is bo bibbowski .
orange county is part of hays county in texas .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway has an asphalt surface .
albany , georgia is part of the state of state , the capital of which is austin . the capital of albany , georgia is austin .
