alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved .
the state of texas is part of the state of texas in united states . the state is the location of the university in the state of texas which is part of the state of texas .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and starred ryan potter .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the language spoken is german language .
the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction is the jurisdiction .
the elevation above the sea level ( in antioch , california ) , is 13 . 0 .
the people of united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english language . the country is the location of the ethnic group of americans . the country is the location of the university .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the airport .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and died in st . louis .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is largestaustin , texas which is part of williamson county , texas . the state is the location of atlantic city international airport .
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary .
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia .
the polish government is in the city of columbus , ohio .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
