103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode is the hometown of the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . (id614)
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california . (id731)
crewmembers was a crew member on apollo 8 . (id139)
the city of anderson , indiana , part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , is the home of the city of atlantic city , n . j . in the u . s . (id800)
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 . (id81)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language is spanish . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , which is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . (id820)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . (id653)
the official language of ethiopia is officiallanguage . (id134)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . two of the leaders in italy include laura boldrini and pietro grasso . (id864)
the new mexico senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id163)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english language . the country is the location of the ethnic group of americans . the country is the location of the university . (id815)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language . (id511)
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " . (id102)
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and is a part of united states . (id243)
the city of alexandria , indiana is a part of the u . s . and is the home of the city of atlantic city , a part of madison county , indiana . (id809)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 . (id299)
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level . (id17)
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and manages as roma . (id329)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home matches at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil . (id452)
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . . (id125)
