anderson is the county of madison county , indiana .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . white americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and it is served as a dessert .
adisham hall is located in the country of sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 " and the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 metres and a runway length of 877 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is the greece .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
adams county , pennsylvania is southwest of carroll county , maryland .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group of the country are the african americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of the african americans .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located . the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located in amsterdam .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of publisher who publish the american journal of mathematics .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it began in january 2014 .
