alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states . (id88)
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved . (id1214)
the state of texas is part of the state of texas in united states . the state is the location of the university in the state of texas which is part of the state of texas . (id799)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by duncan rouleau and starred ryan potter . (id701)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the language spoken is german language . (id692)
the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction is the jurisdiction . (id1111)
the elevation above the sea level ( in antioch , california ) , is 13 . 0 . (id234)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language spoken is english language . the country is the location of the ethnic group of americans . the country is the location of the university . (id815)
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig . (id121)
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 . (id289)
washington dc is the capital of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the capital is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue . (id926)
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the airport . (id1380)
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government . (id1198)
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas and died in st . louis . (id732)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) . (id534)
the largest city in williamson county , texas is largestaustin , texas which is part of williamson county , texas . the state is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id806)
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary . (id1524)
malaysian malay is one of the ethnic groups in malaysia . (id216)
the polish government is in the city of columbus , ohio . (id1115)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c . (id816)
