abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , or abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . , has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3990 . 0 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and its runway name is 4 / 22 .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
indian people are from india .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aenir is written in english .
arem - arem is a dish from the country of indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla and the language spoken is indonesian language . the country is also the location of the dish arem - arem .
batagor , a variation of siomay , contains peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay and siomay .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the location of atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , madison county , indiana , united states .
massimo drago , who played for a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , washington ( state ) , united states . the capital is washington , d . c .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia .
