sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france .
the capital of indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the capital city is indianapolis and the city is the location of the food .
the english language is spoken in texas , which is part of the state of texas in austin . the language of texas is german .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located . the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located in amsterdam .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn and brooklyn .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the coloured .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) season .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students .
amatriciana sauce comes from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
250 delaware avenue in united states has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
significantproject was a significant project for julia morgan .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
the english language is spoken in texas which is part of texas and is the location of the airport .
