the olympic stadium ( spain ) is the ground of airport .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and east of the has to its west . it is the location of the comic journal .
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the owner of the sportsteam which is located in rostock and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3990 . 0 .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
the leader of amsterdam is leadername .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey is istanbul .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . the usaf fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
the aircrafthelicopter is a helicopter used by the united states air force .
