the african americans are part of the state of alabama which is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the country .
bacon are the main ingredients of bacon explosion which is a main course .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger who plays for sv germania schoneiche and is part of the sv germania schoneiche club .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number issn_number .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan which is governed by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is from the guadalajara region .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . the dish is from the javanese cuisine region .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics . the book is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazette . the book was written in english which is the language spoken in spokenin . the book was preceded by the novel castle .
atlanta , is part of georgia in the united states .
the javanese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish comes from singapore , where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
