akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id606)
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id833)
the location of atlantic city , n . j . is the largest city in new jersey . (id495)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id168)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council . (id1476)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil . (id668)
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . (id548)
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars starring . (id366)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . (id881)
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government . (id1427)
shumai is a variation of batagor . (id202)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi of spain and the spaniards are an ethnic group . (id863)
the largest city in benton county is oregon . (id185)
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id708)
the sportsteam is located in genoa and is owned by the college of william and mary . it is owned by the college of william and mary . (id1648)
the full name of a . d . isidro metapan is isidro metapan and he is a member of the portugal national football team . (id1561)
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id753)
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the port authority of the port authority of new zealand . (id1833)
the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is belgrade . (id1670)
the polish academy of representatives is in the superleague of greece . (id1263)
