bionico is from mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
the comic book character bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon and the american , ernie colon .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in four world trade center .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . the usaf fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument in pennsylvania , united states was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
curitiba is part of the state of parana .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , which is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the state of texas is part of the state of texas in united states . the state is the location of the university in the state of texas which is part of the state of texas .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , copenhagen was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
bananaman was first broadcast by the bbc .
the city of austin , texas is part of the u . s . and is the location of atlantic city international airport .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is a us national . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
