the city of atlanta , has a utc offset of - 7 , and has a total area of 131 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is categorised as a contributing property .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of united states .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association is located in the city of aarhus which has the has to its west to its west . aarhus has the has to its west to its west .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji , which is from the karnataka region .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark has 23 floors .
the city of akita is part of united states and is the home of the ethnic group of native americans in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the lancashire .
lemon is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of the colombia . lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
the largest city in turkey is istanbul , and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is made of bronze .
the aids journal is published by lippincott , williams & wilkins in the uk , where elizabeth ii is the leader and the parent company is wolters kluwer .
