bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa .
200 public square in united states has 45 floors .
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
adare manor is located in county limerick , which is part of munster in the munster .
the elevation above the sea level ( in antioch , california ) , is 13 . 0 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . italian is spoken there .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and the country ' s leader is jusuf kalla .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is home to the ethnic group of white americans . the capital is washington d . c . and the country is the location of the university .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups is the brazilians .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated to the affiliation .
addiction ( journal ) , or addiction , has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and the lccn number lccn_number .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders in that country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they played in the 2014 season . their full name is association football club fylde and they have 3180 members .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
