the capital of the oregon is austin which is part of oregon .
erie county , new york is part of erie county , new york .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and its president is b . m . reddy .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia and was completed in 1 june 2009 . it is owned by college of william & mary and was completed in 1 june 2009 .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot backup pilot .
the city of attica , indiana , which is located in the city of attica , indiana , is the location of the atlantic city international airport . attica , indiana has a total area of 55 . 0 square kilometres .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 286 . 5 square kilometres , and a total population of 131 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus f . c . .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
the leader of the united states is known as the president . the country is the location of the university .
elliot see died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leaders are haider al - abadi and fuad masum .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
