the marriott international is located in beverly hills , california .
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in the romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in the country .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machine and publishes the acm transactions on information systems .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the city of atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the country is largestatlantic city , new jersey .
christian panucci is attached to the club genoa cfc .
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 crew along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
cornell university in the state of new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
alcobendas is in the country of spain .
a severed wasp , oclc number 8805735 , is available in hardcover .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in broadcasting house and the tv series was shown on the bbc . the bbc broadcast bananaman .
