300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 along with william anders as a backup pilot .
christian panucci is attached to the club genoa cfc .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 operated by nasa . the commander of apollo 14 was commander .
the baduy are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the baduy are an ethnic group in java .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and its ethnic group is malaysian chinese .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the national anthem is the anthem .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of region , singapore . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
