the marriott international is located in beverly hills , california . (id67)
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in the romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in the country . (id582)
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machine and publishes the acm transactions on information systems . (id407)
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 . (id140)
the city of atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the country is largestatlantic city , new jersey . (id496)
christian panucci is attached to the club genoa cfc . (id116)
batchoy is a main course dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id766)
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 crew along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander . (id934)
cornell university in the state of new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . (id714)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto . (id280)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan . (id617)
pacific grove , california is part of california . (id70)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast . (id928)
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . (id596)
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . (id912)
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form . (id333)
alcobendas is in the country of spain . (id32)
a severed wasp , oclc number 8805735 , is available in hardcover . (id341)
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax . (id324)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which is located in broadcasting house and the tv series was shown on the bbc . the bbc broadcast bananaman . (id699)
