the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 .
the english language is spoken in ethiopia .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . the airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil .
the operator of antwerp is mayor .
sheldon moldoff won the award .
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey .
emile roemer is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the location of the comic book character of lippincott , williams & wilkins . the latter is a popular tourist destination in the us .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where there is an ethnic group called african americans .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . new york city is part of new netherland , united states .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of the city is birmingham , which is lead by the labour party and the labour party .
vajubhai vala is the leader of india where the people are known as indians . the country is the location of the dish bhajji which comes from the karnataka region .
the demonym for natives of the republic of ireland is called the people ' s home of the aircrafthelicopter and the aircrafthelicopter .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team .
building is in canada , the language of which is english .
the polish academy of sciences is in knightsbridge .
