jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home matches at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league of which juventus fc have been champions .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres .
tomato is one of the ingredients in the dish ' ayam penyet ' which comes from the region of the rome in italy .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the postcode is the hometown of the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
american alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 .
the architect of 3arena , east link bridge , was hok sve .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
bananaman , starring jill shilling , was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called texans .
carmine infantino is the creator of the comic character , blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) who was created by carmine infantino .
the u . s . is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the us is home to the ethnic group of the asian americans .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the architect julia morgan who was born in california .
