the headquarters of the port authority of new zealand is the purple finch .
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 686 square kilometres . antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the founder of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the birth place of antwerp is baghdad .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
the kashubians are an ethnic group in the u . s . where the language spoken is polish language . the book writtenwork comes from the u . s .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is maine .
250 delaware avenue in united states has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
the operator of antwerp is mayor .
the purple finch was founded by creator .
alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia and was completed in 1 june 2009 . it is owned by college of william & mary and was completed in 1 june 2009 .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in the invasion of grenada . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada .
