the akita museum of art is located in the country of japan , where the ethnic group is vietnamese . (id389)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . (id608)
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r . (id3)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the leader is known as the president of the united states and the language is english . english is spoken in the united states . (id619)
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . (id414)
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and the american , gary cohn ( comics ) . (id592)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building and the significantasilomar conference grounds . (id923)
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade . (id930)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk . (id72)
beef kway teow originates from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia where the standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob . (id768)
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . it is the location of atlantic city international airport . (id633)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id206)
peter stoger is attached to the club fk austria wien and is the manager of fc kolin . he also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and fk austria wien . (id672)
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division . (id101)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region of indonesia . (id565)
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . the runway length is 597 . 0 . (id302)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers . (id889)
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is a member of the a . c . chievo verona club and manages a . c . lumezzane . he also plays for a . c . chievo verona . (id656)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where the leader is jusuf kalla . (id251)
the aircraftfighter is an aircraft fighter in the united states air force . (id38)
