labour party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool where the ground of afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . and is the manager of afc blackpool .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey which is part of new jersey .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is largestaustin , texas which is part of williamson county , texas . the state is the location of atlantic city international airport .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and the language spoken is kurdish languages .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , whose ground is in efxeinoupoli , has 1500 members and their ground is in efxeinoupoli .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
acta palaeontologica polonica , or acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
the state of texas , united states is the home of the state of texas . the state is the location of the university .
tim brooke taylor was born in lancashire .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans . the country is the location of the ethnic group of native americans . the country is the location of the food .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is in print and has 248 pages .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
the fossil is a fossil from california .
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
