the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is known as the leadertitle .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building .
the city of akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio , united states . the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the country is the home of the ethnic group of the germans of united states . the country is the home of the ethnic group of native americans . the capital of the country is washington d . c .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the rector of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is rector .
the owner of alan b . miller hall is college of william & mary .
the full name of the egg harbor township ( new jersey ) is " fullname " , which is part of the california .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is the verona , italy .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was a crew member of apollo 11 with william anders as its back up pilot .
azal pfk play in azerbaijan premier league .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , and became a crew member of apollo 8 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 .
a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and the oclc number 8805735 .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force which is part of bundelkhand .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the us .
