the academic discipline of aids journal is mathematics .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio where the leader is leader .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states . the country is the origin of the book 1634 the ram rebellion , written in english , which is also spoken in great britain .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the country ' s ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malaysian indian .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
an ingredient of the bacon sandwich is bread and it also contains bacon .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and the language spoken is kurdish languages .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark . it has 737 academic staff and numberofstudents students .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jorge humberto rodriguez who is in the rb leipzig club and plays for el salvador national football team .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , which is the country where batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient in siomay , which is a variation on the club sandwich .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the city of atlantic city , a part of fountain county , indiana .
the city of alpharetta , georgia in the u . s . is the largest city in the u . s . where the largest city is largestalpharetta , georgia . the country is the location of the city of alpharetta , georgia , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
peter laird is the creator of the comic book character april o ' neil .
