the capital of the u . s . is washington dc , the capital is washington d . c . and the country ' s leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building in the city of akron , ohio , summit county , ohio .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the african americans are an ethnic group .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of significantasilomar conference grounds and the significantasilomar conference grounds .
the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , the capital city is washington dc , the capital city is washington dc .
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on september 1st , 1969 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . two of the leaders in france are manuel valls and gerard larcher .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the language is english language .
peter stoger is a us national .
a . c . cesana play in serie b , the champions of which are carpi fc 1909 .
the english language is spoken in the republic of ireland .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , which is lead by anandiben patel .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
