margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14 and died in california .
200 public square is located in cleveland which is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . the leader of cleveland is frank g . jackson .
astronaut was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in austria .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and regionserved .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
the democratic party is governed by the democratic party .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the operating organisation of the second title of the second party .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of new york and new jersey .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport .
bhajji ( or bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetable .
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west and is the operator of the second party .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
the full name of the egg harbor township ( new jersey ) is " fullname " , which is part of the california .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
the association for computing machinery is founder .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of india is ranil wickremesinghe .
the was a crew member of was written in english , the language of which is spoken in spokenin .
