the polish academy of sciences is in kingdom of sarawak .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter .
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in the romania . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university in the country .
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey , which is located in the state of texas . the governing body of the city is austria .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil and followed by above the veil .
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand is the city council of which is based in galicia ( spain ) .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
a long long way is written in english .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters in four world trade center .
curitiba is part of the state of parana .
the governing body of the port authority of new jersey ( texas ) is the city council , and its leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
the birth place of antwerp is montevideo .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids , and it has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups .
3arena is located in dublin , which is part of leinster , and is owned by the college of william and mary .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 2nd party is the county seat of the airport , which is located in london and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
