the sportsteam club is located in germany and operated by aida cruises .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . aarhus is governed by a magistrate .
the comic book character asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and the american , albert uderzo .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is known as the leadertitle .
the african americans are part of the state of alabama which is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the country .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . which is where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the chinese filipino are an ethnic group . the language spoken in the country is philippine spanish and the chinese filipino .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes shortcrust pastry .
raisin is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
the birth place of antwerp is batumi .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
chili pepper is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
anderson is the county of madison county , indiana .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
