asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese and the malay are ethnic groups . (id846)
the spanish language is spoken in california which is part of california . the country is the location of the airport . (id631)
bucharest is the capital of romania . (id135)
adare manor was designed by the architect augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury . (id465)
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa . (id21)
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . (id730)
the manager of fc magdeburg is john van den brom who is attached to irlam town football club and plays for netherlands national football team . (id666)
albany , oregon is part of united states . (id160)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 23 metres above sea level . (id522)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states . (id904)
william anders has died in deathplace . (id375)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 . (id887)
dekalb county , georgia is located within the united states . (id180)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh . (id288)
administrative science quarterly , published by sage publications , has the oclc number oclc_number and is published by sage publications . (id429)
buzz aldrin was a member of apollo 11 ' s crew along with william anders as a backup pilot . (id879)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan which is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku . (id622)
elliot see died in st . louis . (id145)
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id848)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen and has the marriott international as its tenant . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . (id913)
