the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team and is the operator of the sportsteam . he is a member of the portugal national football team . (id1780)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is leadername . the country is the location of the building . (id509)
sandesh is a dessert , as is baked alaska which contains raisins . (id555)
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id737)
marv wolfman is the creator of bibbo bibbowski which was created by marv wolfman . (id368)
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character , bolt ( comicscharacter ) who was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . (id593)
the manager of 1 . fc koln is peter stoger who plays for sv germania schoneiche and is part of the sv germania schoneiche club . (id436)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id575)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and its ethnic group is malaysian chinese . (id844)
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is england . (id1297)
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved . (id1691)
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore , where tony tan is the leader and the country ' s leader is tony tan . (id564)
the main ingredients of asam pedas , which is eaten in the indonesia , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id256)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat and was built in yearofconstruction . (id391)
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in was selected by nasa . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . (id875)
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . (id1783)
the purple finch is the postal code of staten island , which is the location of the building . (id1404)
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the largest city in india is mumbai . (id948)
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert . (id282)
the people of united states are known as americans and the language is spanish . the country is the location of the city of angola , indiana , which is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . (id820)
