1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
celery is an ingredient in bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the largest city is istanbul and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the largest city in turkey is istanbul .
the location of atlantic city , n . j . is the largest city in new jersey .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the language spoken is german language .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine .
the manager of fc magdeburg is christian panucci who is in the rb leipzig club and plays for real madrid c . f . .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president and the native americans are an ethnic group .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey serves the new jersey .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain , .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
