the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is categorised as a contributing property .
massimo drago , who played for a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
lemon is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which comes from the antioquia department region of the colombia . lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
the fullname of a . s . roma is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a . and juventus fc .
the port authority of regionserved and new jersey is japanese occupation of british borneo .
the city of austin , texas is located in the city of austin , texas , where the largest city is largestaustin , texas . the language spoken in austin , texas is spanish and austin is the largest city .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa .
orange county is part of hays county in texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
the 2nd party is a member of the has to its west .
the port authority of the port authority of new zealand ( which has the full name being known as the aircrafthelicopter ) is the location of the second runway of alderney .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved .
the port authority of the association of computing machinery is galicia ( spain ) .
