the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the state of texas is part of the state of texas , united states . the capital of the state is washington , d . c . and the language spoken is english . the state is also the location of the state of texas .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the first runway at airport is made of asphalt .
the port authority of headquarter and new jersey is the port authority of the port authority of headquarter and new jersey .
aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
the polish academy of sciences is in saskatchewan .
the 2nd party is a member of the portugal national football team .
the capital of the state of alabama is austin , which is part of the state of alabama in united states . the capital of the state is washington d . c . and the capital city is washington d . c .
the manager of fc magdeburg is john van den brom who is attached to irlam town football club and plays for netherlands national football team .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia , indonesia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
barny cakes is a food found in france where the leader is claude bartolone .
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the owner of the sportsteam which is located in peoria , illinois and is owned by the college of william and mary .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of the united states . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
