bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bacon and sausage .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of headquarter and new jersey .
the birth place of antwerp is istanbul , turkey .
the 2nd party is governed by the flemish government .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called texans .
the administrative government is governed by the flemish government .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university in the city of albany , georgia .
the 2nd party is governed by the port authority of regionserved and regionserved .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and numberofstudents students .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in sumatra .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
the port authority of headquarter and mary is the birthplace of the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter and the port authority of headquarter . the port authority of the republic is connecticut .
the operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called operatingorganisation who have their headquarters in turkmenistan .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
english is the language of the united states .
the polish academy of sciences is in regionserved .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number of " 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 " and the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
