colombian cuisine is part of bandeja paisa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the us navy , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square in united states has 45 floors .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , wrote 1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
adare adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and limerick city and county council .
antioch , california , which is located at 13 . 0 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
a severed wasp is from united states where native americans in the united states and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
buzz aldrin , who was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he was awarded 20 by nasa .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso matteo renzi is spoken in italy , where italian language is spoken .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita . the country ' s ethnic groups is brazilians in japan and the country is the location of japan .
bakso is a dish from the country of indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is one of the ingredients .
akron , ohio is in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where white americans is the largest city . the city is the location of new jersey which is located in the city of atlantic city , new jersey , where the largest city is atlantic city , new jersey .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture . the leader of japan is taro aso and the leader is taro aso .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , in united states .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india , india . it was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated to dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the academic discipline of addiction ( abbreviated to 1360 - 0443 ) is addiction .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the country ' s leaders are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their full name is bryning lane .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
