live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california . (id67)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is desteapta - te , romane ! and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania . (id582)
acm transactions on information systems is published by association for computing machinery which is lead by alexander l . wolf and is based in new york city . (id407)
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . (id140)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the city of atlantic county , new jersey , united states , new york city . (id496)
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . . (id116)
batchoy is soup from the philippines region of the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id766)
alan bean was born on the alan lavern bean . he was a member of the crew of apollo 12 operated by david scott . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 mission . david scott was the backup pilot and the backup pilot was alfred worden . (id934)
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . (id714)
bionico can be found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id280)
akita , akita is located in akita , akita , japan , where brazilians in japan are an ethnic group . it is also found in akita museum of art . (id617)
pacific grove , california is part of california . (id70)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , 11th mississippi infantry monument . it is categorised as contributing property and has franklin county , pennsylvania to its southeast and carroll county , maryland to the southeast . cumberland county , pennsylvania is the location of 11th mississippi infantry monument . (id928)
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council . (id596)
bill marriott is the key person of marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which is lead by bill marriott . (id912)
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print . (id333)
madrid is in spain . (id32)
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 . (id341)
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax . (id324)
rona fairhead is the key person for the bbc which has its headquarters in broadcasting house and is located in the city of london , broadcasting house . (id699)
