anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken there .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo the leader of mexico is jalisco and honey is also a dessert .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is sri lankan rupee .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alderney is served by alderney alderney airport which has a runway made of poaceae which is 877 . 0 long .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
awh engineering college in ganges , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in the state of mumbai and the ganges is the ganges .
bakewell pudding ( or bakewell tart ) comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire dales , which includes fruit preserves .
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , which was published by julius springer .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
greenville , wisconsin is in united states .
carroll county , maryland is to the north of adams county , pennsylvania .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in united states where the capital is washington , d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , amsterdam - noord , which is home to afc ajax .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish american journal of mathematics .
250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york , postmodern architecture . it was started in january , 2014 and has 12 floors .
