margrethe ii of denmark is spoken in denmark which is part of central denmark region . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup which is part of central denmark region .
apollo 14 was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of the nasa operated california . benitoite is the location of california .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g . jackson .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , texas . the leader of austria is doris bures .
william m . o . dawson was born in cleveland , texas . he was born in cleveland and served as agnes ward white . he was a crew member of governor of west virginia .
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
montreal locomotive works is the operating organisation for alco rs - 3 which is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . it is operated by v12 engine and diesel - electric transmission .
alfredo zitarrosa , starring solo singer , is made from zamba .
daniel gould fowle is the owner of alfred moore scales which is located in reidsville , north carolina . the current leader of the country is governor of north carolina and the national anthem is democratic party .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by armin van buuren and is located in chisinau , moldova . it was created by christian burns and trance music .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
aleksandre guruli , who was born in batumi , plays for fc karpaty lviv and has 178 . 0 members .
bhaji , bajji is an ingredient in bhajji which is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are vegetable .
aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in the country of rhythm and blues , which is lead by k2 and kristina kovac .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport - - barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 610 . 0 metres above sea level . the airport has a length of 4100 . 0 .
anaheim , california is in california state capitol , california , which is lead by california state senate .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ( two door coupe ) has a runway length of 2160 . 0 and is made of 1 . 55 .
jefferson davis was a representative of american civil war , part of the u . s . and is served by alfred moore scales .
india is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located . the leader of the country is anandiben patel .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in new york , is spoken in french language , where abraham lincoln is the leader . he was born in new york and american civil war .
