thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc he plays for united petrotrin f . c . and is lead by gabor kubatov and akeem adams .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska ( which contains sponge cake ) is a dessert that contains cookie .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel ( footballer ) who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group there .
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in 1872 .
the distributor of andrew white , which was created by marry banilow , is 2003 , it was created by kaiser chiefs and 2003 .
tony tan is the leader of nationwide in singapore and indonesia where beef kway teow comes from .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
101 helena , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated to james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
awh engineering college in ganges , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in the state of mumbai and the ganges is the ganges .
dessert is a variation of cake and bionico .
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , where the americans are an ethnic group .
