bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisin .
adare manor in bloomsbury was designed by the architect john augustus pugin who was designed by the architect john palace of westminster who was born in bloomsbury .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is a traditional dish from andalusia , where the leader is spaniards .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
bacon sandwich ( which can be known as a blt ) , can be found in the uk , united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and ketchup .
bhajji is from india where indian people .
michigan is in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states where english language is spoken . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico and the leader of the country is president of the united states .
the distributor of big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , is walt disney studios motion pictures which is in baymax .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states .
monarchy of denmark is the leader of denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen the country is the location of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which is located in european university association .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
1634 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in united states , where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the book was written in the us , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 with a b . s . . he was fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which is served as a dessert and cookie .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania , pennsylvania . it is categorised as contributing property . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland and to the southeast carroll county , cumberland county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is frederick county , maryland .
turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where the capital city is bronze .
