the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
bandeja paisa is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon and hogao .
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java .
a severed wasp is from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is philippe of belgium and charles michel is the capital city .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where pietro grasso is a leader . the club is managed by michele marcolini who plays for vicenza calcio and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
julia morgan is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
tony tan is the leader of nationwide in singapore and indonesia where beef kway teow comes from .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
320 south boston building , designed by george winkler , is located in united states and has 22 floors .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring walt disney studios motion pictures and scott adsit .
asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
andrews county airport is located in united states , where the capital is austin , texas and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 896 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . the dean is mario botta .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . it was completed in 2009 and is located in illinois .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
