akeem dent plays for atlanta falcons .
newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which has the isbn number 5 . 3 and is part of aston martin dbs .
william m . o . dawson ( born in cleveland ) is the current tenant of albert b . white which was completed in 1901 - 03 - 04 and has a total of 1905 - 03 - 04 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , sumatra , malays and minangkabau people .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of los angeles herald - examiner , asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
united states house of representatives is the leader of san francisco bay area where antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where the president is mike akhigbe the country is the location of 1999 - 05 - 29 which was published in the city of nigerian navy and has atiku abubakar as its leader .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who is located in birmingham , where conservative party is the leader .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey in united states . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
blue is a leader in adonis georgiadis where the leaders are antonis samaras and new democracy .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
akron summit assault ground is located at st . vincent - st . mary high school , summit county , ohio , united states states .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and singapore and indonesia .
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
