adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team and plays for az alkmaar .
william anders ( retired ) graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is a traditional dish from andalusia , where the leader is spaniards .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders .
sandesh is a dessert found in philippines where philippine english is spoken . the binignit is also a dessert .
andrew rayel , which was created by jonathan mendelsohn , is trance music , it was created in 2009 and is made with christian burns .
aids ( led by elizabeth ii ) is published in united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is candombe . it was created by rca records and solo singer .
hip hop music is funk .
acura tlx is awd .
aida cruises , owned by costa crociere , is located in rostock , which is owned by costa crociere and is owned by meyer werft .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
caterpillar inc . , located in peoria , illinois , is a part of aidaluna and was founded in california .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party operated galicia operated by spanish socialist workers ' party .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and was completed in 1974 - 03 - 04 . he was a member of the 1979 - 03 - 30 ataturk battle of france .
a fortress of grey ice is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the novel into battle , which was created by aenir , is the sequel to above the veil and is located in australians , where the violet keystone are an ethnic group .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour , vegetables and bhaji , bajji .
