aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in the country of rhythm and blues , which is lead by k2 and kristina kovac .
alison o ' donnell was first published in 1963 .
magik , who was born in 1978 - 11 - 12 , was a crew member of abradab and kaliber 44 .
adam koc ( born in new york city ) is part of russian civil war , which is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin is the leader of polish - soviet war .
101 helena , which is located in madison , wisconsin , is affiliated with james craig watson and is affiliated with university of michigan .
akeem priestley is attached to rops and plays for sheikh russel kc .
aleksandra kovac , starring solo singer , is made at pop music .
antares ( new zealand ) is operated by mid - atlantic regional spaceport which is operated by delta ii ( part of the minotaur iv ) and minotaur iv ( part of the minotaur iv ) .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
ace wilder is made with hip hop music and disco .
1089 tama is a 179 . 0 that has the lccn number 373513000 . 0 .
alfa romeo 164 is located in milan and is the location of fiat croma which has sedan as its governing body . it is also part of the opel vectra course .
english language is spoken in canada .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of alessio romagnoli , which is a member of the serie a fc league . their manager is defender and their ground is defender .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by armin van buuren and is located in chisinau , moldova . it was created by christian burns and trance music .
abdul taib mahmud ( born in kingdom of sarawak ) is served by barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and is located in sarawak .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by bobina and trance music . it was created in 2009 and is made from 2009 .
alv x - 1 is operated by mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol and is the birthplace of austria .
steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . and plays for uruguay olympic football team and plays for abel hernandez .
