asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and malaysian malay are an ethnic group and sumatra is the capital .
california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california where spanish language is spoken . california is located in california state capitol .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , is the architect of adare manor and palace of westminster .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar he plays for vitesse arnhem and netherlands national football team .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
alpena county regional airport is located at maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york , essex county , new york , harrietstown , new york , united states .
william anders ( retired ) graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
fulton county , georgia is in united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
administrative science quarterly is the publisher of sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune and has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
buzz aldrin was born in 1930 - 01 - 20 on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the name of the name turk sehitleri aniti .
elliot see died in st . louis .
sausage bacon explosion is from kansas city metropolitan area in united states . the main ingredients are sausage and bacon , sausage .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen the tenant of marriott international is ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was founded in washington , d . c . .
