the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of frederick , maryland , monocacy national battlefield .
manhattan is part of new york .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a member of the flowering plant family and is part of the solanaceae family .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . he plays for real zaragoza and is located in marousi , marousi .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is from indonesia .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , where the leader is ahora madrid .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham where liberal democrats is the leader .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich , a variation of club sandwich , which is a variation of blt .
san francisco bay area is the location of antioch , california which is part of contra costa county , california in california where english language is spoken and california ' s 11th state assembly district is the leader .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where french language is spoken . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 in wheeler , texas , texas . he was test pilot and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . he is now retired .
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade the country is the location of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku killed in the battle of baku .
bacon sandwich are popular in the uk . the main ingredients are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
