the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
mayor of albuquerque is a leader in albuquerque , new mexico where the leader is mayor of albuquerque the country is the location of united states which has an ethnic group called native americans in the united states .
atlas ii , which is owned by lockheed martin , is a member of cape canaveral air force station .
1994 vk8 ( new zealand ) has a lccn number of 0 . 0925 and an lccn number of 5 . 6 and a lccn number of 6603633000 . 0 .
the city of aarhus is located in the city of aarhus in denmark . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen and the leader is school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university the city of the city of aarhus is thomas pallesen .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , benton county , oregon , where african americans is an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
the full name of akron summit assault is ' ' akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , texas .
arlington , texas is in texas , in united states .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority which is located in jinnah international airport .
st . louis rams died in st . louis .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn and is owned by marriott international .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture . it has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
alison o ' donnell , starring folk rock , was created by floating world records .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english language is spoken . the leader of java is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is javanese people .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan where asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , part of awadh , bundelkhand . the airport is operated by bundelkhand and hal light combat helicopter operates indian air force .
