200 public square was completed in 1985 and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , ohio states , united states states .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina ) has 47290 members .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where london is located . the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita prefecture . it has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 floors .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
cornell university , in ithaca , new york , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly it is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with association of american universities .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and the country ' s leader is susana diaz .
amarillo , texas is located in united states , potter county , texas , texas , where the capital is austin , texas .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s the runway name is 10r / 28l and its length is 2776 . 0 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with european university association its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
batchoy comes from the la paz , iloilo city region of philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , pork , and beef .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . the latin name of the country is thomas pallesen and it has 16000 students .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states , is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
bo bibbowski is the alternative name for the comic character , bibbo bibbowski .
county limerick is part of munster .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
atlanta is the capital of georgia , part of dougherty county , georgia and is the location of albany , georgia .
