aida cruises , located in germany , is the operating organisation of aidastella .
aarhus is located in denmark . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen and the magistrate is magistrate .
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french people .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in the city of national assembly .
auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
95040 . 0 is the lccn number of 1097 vicia .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , maryland , maryland . it was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as historic districts in the united states .
aaron bertram ( ska punk ) was created by suburban legends and is located in ska punk . it was created by brian robertson and kids imagine nation .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is a part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana and is where english language is spoken .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups in the philippines are zamboangans and philippine spanish and the language is batchoy .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
bakewell pudding ( or bakewell tart ) comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire dales , which includes fruit preserves .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisin .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
english language is spoken in great britain and united states . the us includes asian americans and alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
