auburn , alabama is located in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
bacon is a main ingredient in the sausage bacon explosion .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg is jens hartel ( footballer ) who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for all india council for technical education in mumbai .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the lccn number 2158 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority which is located in jinnah international airport .
bionico , which contains granola , is a dish from guadalajara .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem , a dish from javanese cuisine .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in united states which is the publisher of american journal of mathematics which was published in 1878 .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
the full name of akron summit assault is ' ' akron metro futbol club summit assault ' ' .
angola , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
1634 : 1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by virginia demarce and eric flint and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint it was followed by the grantville gazette and followed by ring of ring of fire ii .
atlanta is in united states which is part of georgia .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , where english language is spoken . the leader of java is tony tan and one of the ethnic groups is javanese people .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
