amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( abbreviated to afc ajax ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
baymax is a character in duncan rouleau , which was created by big hero 6 and starred alan tudyk . it was created by steven t . seagle and the americans .
bill marriott is the key person at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is the tenant of marriott international in bethesda , maryland .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . the leader of turkey is president of turkey .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine from paisa region . it contains kidney bean and red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake . the dish comes from the paris , new york or hong kong region of united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium where german language is spoken .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in mendrisio , denmark . it was established in 1928 . it has 16000 students and 737 academic staff . its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who publish a long long way .
orange county , california is in united states .
sandesh is a dessert found in philippines where philippine english is spoken . the binignit is also a dessert .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , filipinos in japan .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , in united states .
a severed wasp is the capital of united states where one of the ethnic groups are native americans in the united states . english language is spoken in great britain and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
apollo 14 was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of the nasa operated california . benitoite is the location of california .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where trenton , new jersey is the capital and united states is the capital .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the novel into battle , which was created by aenir , is the sequel to above the veil and is located in australians , where the violet keystone are an ethnic group .
