michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on the 1987 - 09 - 27 . he was a student at the houston texans , which is affiliated with atlanta falcons .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the country ' s capital is rome and italian is italian language spoken .
andrews county airport is located in united states , where the capital is austin , texas and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is verona , italy .
amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is located in thames , new zealand and has the icao location of station wagon . the airport is operated by amc v8 engine and is located in mid - size car .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where english language is spoken and the country is the location of atlas ii , where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
polydor records is located in london .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he was born in 1930 - 01 - 20 on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he is now retired .
bo bibbowski is the alternative name for the comic character , bibbo bibbowski .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
solo singer is the author of allen forrest which was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and is hip hop music .
the municipality of mendrisio is meride .
1950 da is carl a . wirtanen .
airey neave has lieutenant colonel .
artur rasizade is the leader of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the soldiers of red granite and white marble killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan he plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team .
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( abbreviated to afc ajax ) has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden , godenzonen .
