103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the architect of birmingham is labour party and b postcode area is the governing body .
ahmad kadhim assad is attached to steel azin f . c . and plays for al shorta sc .
1634 : aenir was written by garth nix , written in english language and was followed by above the veil .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 896 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority and is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states , united states .
hugo sperrle is the mayor of airey neave which has battle of france as an aircraft .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
abraham a . ribicoff was designed by united states secretary of health , education , and welfare who was born in connecticut , texas . he has democratic party as its leader and the us states .
bill marriott is the key person at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is the tenant of marriott international in bethesda , maryland .
agustin barboza is guarania .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 505 , 575 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . it has a total area of 1142 . 3 square metres and a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 486 . 2 square kilometres .
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital is washington , d . c . .
aston martin virage is the operating organisation for aston martin v8 which is owned by aston martin .
bill marriott is the key person of marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the location of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which is lead by bill marriott .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 2014 . 0 .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
aaron s . daggett was born in purple heart and was involved in battle of fredericksburg .
