the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( athens ) . the club is located in the city of blackpool where labour party is the leader . the club is attached to the club chesterfield f . c . club .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey where the leader is don guardian .
round rock , texas is the largest city in texas where english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in georgetown , texas .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 feet .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is fuad masum and they speak kurdish languages .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . their ground is antonis milionis in the town of athens .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
dessert is a variation of cake and bionico .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the capital city is washington , d . c . the country is the location of albany , oregon which is located in linn county , oregon , linn county , oregon .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has a ganges .
the hardcover book above the veil has 248 pages and was written by garth nix .
adare manor adare is located in adare , county limerick .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato which is part of the solanales order and banana .
ampara hospital is in ampara district , sri lanka , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and austin fernando is the leader of sri lanka .
the fossil of california is benitoite .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from italy .
