buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , which has 1500 members , is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of haputale where adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
batchoy comes from the philippines , where zamboangans is spoken and the ethnic group is ilocano people and the language spoken is philippine spanish .
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states , where the leader is john sanchez the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico which is lead by new mexico senate .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states states .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream .
a long long way is written in english language .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
the comic character ben urich , also known as benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and mahe , india to its northwest .
the current tenants of alan b . miller hall are 30 march 2007 and mason school of business in united states .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
new mexico house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
austin , texas is part of texas .
