levan khomeriki manages fc dinamo batumi and plays for aleksandre guruli .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance which was followed by weymouth sands .
cookie is a dessert dish from philippines where philippine english is spoken . it is also a dessert .
acura tlx is part of the honda accord family and is part of the family of honda accord .
alfred n . phillips , who was created by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and is located in darien , connecticut , has albert e . austin as one of its leaders .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the birthplace of 107 camilla , england .
101 helena is 3 . 0 .
cornell university in ithaca , new york , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly the university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in campeonato brasileiro serie c where the champions are vila nova futebol clube .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
aleksandr prudnikov is the manager of fc terek grozny , whose ground is in grozny , he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and plays for rashid rakhimov .
agnes kant is a us national whose leaders are mark rutte and socialist party . the us is also the national of agnes kant and house of representatives .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol and is the birthplace of austria .
abradab was born in katowice .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from the rome region of italy .
atlas ii ( born in vandenberg air force base ) is a height of 3 . 04 m and was a crew member of cape canaveral air force station and 2002 - 12 - 05 .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
josef klaus university of vienna .
peritonitis is the parent company of james craig watson , which is the location of 101 helena .
