1089 tama is a 179 . 0 that has the lccn number 373513000 . 0 .
eastern province , sri lanka is the capital of sri lanka where the leader is eastern provincial council the country is the location of ampara hospital in eastern province , sri lanka which is lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of texas in united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken .
aaron bertram was first published in 1998 .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
andra ( born in campia turzii ) was born in campia turzii and is served by solo singer . it was born in 1986 , and dance - pop .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and plays for goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . . the capital of alabama is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar he plays for vitesse arnhem and netherlands national football team .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia , where malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
mellow candle are the creators of alison o ' donnell which was first aired in 1963 and is served by head south by weaving and folk music .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states in peoria , illinois . the airport is owned by aida cruises and owned by aida cruises .
anders osborne was created by tab benoit and phil lesh and friends .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
