airey neave was built in 1935 .
agra airport is operated by indian air force and is located in india . the iata location identifier of the airport is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
indian people inhabit india .
billy iuso and tab benoit are leaders of anders osborne which was created by kirk joseph .
abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovac ( new zealand ) can be found in rhythm and blues and was created in 1990 . it was created by kornelije kovac and is located in 1990 . it was created by k2 and is solo singer .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of addiction which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
11264 claudiomaccone can be found in 173 . 0 .
abraham lincoln , who was born in united states , is served by albert jennings fountain and is the backup pilot of american civil war .
massimo drago has been the manager of s . s . chieti calcio and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . c . cesena .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece , new jersey , athens . he served as a crew member of deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan in 1955 .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak , graduated from university of adelaide with a bachelor of science degree . it is affiliated with parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and adenan satem as its current tenants .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , india . the leader of gujarat is sumitra mahajan and the leader is gujarat legislative assembly .
aston martin virage is the operating organisation of aston martin v8 which is part of aston martin dbs .
