aleksandr prudnikov ( born on 1989 - 02 - 24 ) is a member of fc kuban krasnodar and was born in fc alania vladikavkaz .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . .
aida cruises , which is owned by costa crociere , is located in germany and owned by carnival corporation & plc it is owned by meyer werft and owned by meyer werft .
abdul taib mahmud ( born on 1936 - 05 - 21 in miri , malaysia ) is a traditional dish from asajaya and is led by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
a wizard of mars is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
abel hernandez is affiliated with hull city a . f . c . and is affiliated with central espanol .
adam holloway ( born in faversham , kent , england ) graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was born in faversham , kent , england and was a member of grenadier guards ' s conservative party .
buzz aldrin was born in 1930 - 01 - 20 on 1930 - 01 - 20 . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 operated by nasa .
germans inhabit germany .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
hip hop music is gangsta rap .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is fuad masum and they speak kurdish languages .
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin at austin which is lead by francis g . slay and died in st . louis .
joseph stalin is the leader of abner w . sibal which has world war ii as a representative .
orange county , california is in united states .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and sour cream .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , owned by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax n . v . .
antares ( journal ) was published by yuzhnoye design office in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and is the operating company of medium expendable launch system .
oladipo diya is the leader of abdulsalami abubakar where mike akhigbe is the president . olusegun obasanjo is the president of the us , which is affiliated with nigerian army and was born in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
