a fortress of grey ice originates from united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
the academic discipline of addiction ( abbreviated to 1360 - 0443 ) is addiction .
alfa romeo 164 ( fiat croma ) is the location of italy which is operated by saab 9000 and has v6 engine as an ingredient .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
emile roemer is the leader of socialist party where agnes kant is a traditional dish . the dish is served by red and is from netherlands .
alfredo zitarrosa , which was created by solo singer , is taquirari .
minister of transport , who was born in galicia , is the birthplace of abel caballero and is operated by spanish socialist workers ' party and spain .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bandeja paisa is colombian cuisine from paisa region . it contains kidney bean and red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon .
abradab is hip hop music .
acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . , india . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
american locomotive company is the operating organisation of alco rs - 3 which has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by v12 engine .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of coloured .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 feet .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
virtuti militari is the author of adam koc which was involved in world war i and has the full name of entities_4 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states .
