addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
bandeja paisa is from paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , avocado and lemon and hogao .
straight - six engine is the parent company of alvis car and engineering company which is the operating organisation for alvis speed 25 which is located in coventry . it is operated by rover company .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
elizabeth ii is the leader of canada where slavey language is spoken . the country is the location of aaron boogaard which is located in canada .
celery is an ingredient of bakso and is a member of the apiaceae family .
albany , oregon is located in benton county , oregon , united states , which includes asian americans .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has tudor revival architecture .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
acura tlx ( which is a member of the mid - size car ) , is found in marysville , ohio and is the location of the honda k engine journal . it is operated by front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive .
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and english language is spoken there .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
infraero is located in brasilia and is operated by afonso pena international airport .
county limerick adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
ace wilder is made with hip hop music and disco .
the runway length of ardmore airport is 518 . 0 .
alaa abdul - zahra is in al - khor sports club and plays for al khor .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
