eric flint was born in burbank , california .
barny cakes come from france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated mission . he was commanded by alfred worden , who was test pilot .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for a . s . roma .
andrews county , texas is the owner of andrews county airport .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 and has a height of 42 m square metres . it was built in 1961 and has a height of 42 m square metres . the current tenants are government of addis ababa .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . . the capital of alabama is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is the african americans .
asilomar conference grounds is located on pacific grove , california and was built in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 1987 - 02 - 27 with the reference number 87000823 .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) . blackpool ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . and has the leader conservative party .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the people are called italians and the capital city is rome . the country ' s leader is sergio mattarella and they speak italian language .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey , where ahmet davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is ankara .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is from the rome region of italy .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups in the philippines are zamboangans and philippine spanish and the language is batchoy .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
