american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , umbria .
a severed wasp is from united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english language is spoken in great britain .
graeme garden starred in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
asam pedas is a food found in malay peninsula , malay peninsula . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
margrethe ii of denmark is spoken in denmark which is part of central denmark region . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup which is part of central denmark region .
bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich which is a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and they speak kurdish languages .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in mendrisio , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan he plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor can be found . the dish is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake and siomay .
akron , ohio is in united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where one of the ethnic groups is vietnamese people in japan and the ethnic group is vietnamese people in japan .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , fountain county , indiana , attica , indiana states .
georgia is the largest city in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the largest city is fulton county , georgia and the largest city is atlanta .
the comic book character april o ' neil was created by peter laird , united states .
