the comic book character april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 in glen ridge , new jersey he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , united states , united states states . the capital of the country is springfield , illinois and rahm emanuel is the capital city .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states which is where english language is spoken . angola , indiana is part of indiana .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states , indiana .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written in english language , is spoken in great britain and was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
103 colmore row , designed by the architect john john madin , was born in birmingham and is located at colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
the building of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
a wizard of mars is from united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english language .
prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
new york city is part of new netherland .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of the country is parliament of catalonia and the spaniards are an ethnic group .
mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , where the leader is kochi .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he was test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
