barack obama is the leader of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the country is the location of akron , ohio .
united states are an ethnic group in the u . s . where baked alaska is a dessert . cookie are an ethnic group from the country .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from derbyshire dales and contains ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , sour cream , shredded coconut and raisins . it is served as dessert and is a dessert dish in mexico .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and riverside art museum .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in king county , washington .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 ' s apollo 8 8 mission along with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and buzz aldrin on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin , who is located in birmingham , where conservative party is the leader .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is from paisa region , colombian cuisine .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france . the leaders of france are manuel valls valls and gerard gerard larcher . french language is spoken in the country .
albany , georgia is from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
the nationality of peter laird is united states .
christian panucci , who played for carpi f . c . 1909 , is in the serie b b league and manages a . s . livorno calcio .
castle is english language .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where gerard larcher is the leader and french language is spoken and francois hollande is the leader .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan where asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
