arlington , texas is located in texas , united states , united states . the capital of tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas and the capital is austin , texas .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by united states air force the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
english language is spoken in united states .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is based in turkmenistan .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of club sandwich , which contains bread .
shumai is from china .
albany , oregon is located in united states , which is part of oregon . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the americans .
birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham which has b postcode area as its governing body . the city was designed by john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
barny cakes is part of 30 . 0 g .
bhaji , bajji is an ingredient in bhajji which is from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are vegetable .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by indian air force the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it is 2014 . 0 long .
the print book 1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint .
a wizard of mars is from united states , where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
dublin is part of republic of ireland and 3arena .
