the population of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( square metres ) and has 404 floors and a total area of 347 . 1 square metres .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , new jersey in united states . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where auburn , washington is part of washington .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , in united states .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca and play in campeonato brasileiro serie c in brazil .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , carroll county , maryland , united states .
andrews county airport , located in texas , has a runway length of 1773 . 0 and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from united states where the leader is called president of the united states and african americans are an ethnic group .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york in united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in spata . the airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus which has mols to its northeast . mols is the location of european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan and indian people .
denmark is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is owned by marriott international .
albany , georgia is part of united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from antioquia department in colombia .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
aids ( led by elizabeth ii ) is published in united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
