akita museum of art is in japan where brazilians in japan . (id389)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan . (id608)
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , new zealand . (id3)
250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where english is english language and the leader is joe biden the leader of the country is president of the united states . (id619)
a severed wasp , published in united states , is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain . (id414)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn . (id592)
julia morgan ( born in san francisco ) was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle , and riverside art museum . (id923)
artur rasizade is the leader of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the soldiers of red granite and white marble killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the leader is artur rasizade . (id930)
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom . (id72)
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is halimah yacob and standard chinese is spoken in singapore . (id768)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in united states in the u . s . and has a total area of 16 . 55 square metres . (id633)
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji . (id206)
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc admira wacker modling . he is affiliated with fk austria wien and is affiliated with sk vorwarts steyr . (id672)
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division . (id101)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id565)
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 which is made of poaceae . (id302)
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase they were involved in the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states . they deploy lockheed ac - 130 and operation enduring freedom . (id889)
michele marcolini ( born in italy ) is the manager of a . c . lumezzane he has played for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . (id656)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader . (id251)
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in united states air force . (id38)
