sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which is from the new york region of france .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana , part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , in united states .
austin , texas is part of texas , new jersey , where english language is spoken . houston is the largest city in hays county , texas and english language is spoken .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam where afc ajax ( amateurs ) play .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , brooklyn states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance , jr . .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of coloured .
united states air force fought in invasion of grenada and operates al asad airbase .
aek athens f . c . played the 2014 - 15 season 2014 - 15 football league
blt is a variation of club sandwich and the lettuce and bacon sandwich .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the city of kerala which is lead by kochi and has 250 academic staff .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the architect of julia morgan is los angeles herald - examiner .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of los angeles herald - examiner , asilomar conference grounds , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
arlington , texas is in texas where english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
