abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and lccn number 32024459 .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq which has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
aids is a food found in united kingdom .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
indian people inhabit india .
acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aenir is written in english language .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where indonesian language is spoken . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is indonesian rupiah .
batagor , a variation of siomay , is found in the indonesia . the main ingredients are shiitake .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and sour cream .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in alexandria , indiana which is part of madison county , indiana in united states .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto and honey is the leader .
auburn , washington is part of washington , united states , the capital of which is olympia , washington .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
albany , georgia is a dish from united states where english language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
