albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and was born in errata , mississippi .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . he was a crew member of the nasa operated mission . he was commanded by alfred worden , who was test pilot .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno .
aleksandra kovac is made with rhythm and blues and is blues .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . the leader of turkey is president of turkey .
daniel gould fowle is the alma number of alfred moore scales which is affiliated with princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who was created in darien , connecticut , is affiliated with albert e . austin and has democratic party as its president and mayor of stamford , connecticut .
central espanol ( amateurs ) play in uruguayan segunda division which is based in the league . the champions of the league are giuseppe iachini and abel hernandez .
alco rs - 3 , located in united states , has a runway length of 17068 . 8 and is operated by american locomotive company .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
alex plante ( born in canada ) was born in canada and has 1 . 9304 pages and is in anyang halla .
2013 - 03 - 17 is the lccn number of aidastella .
audi a1 is located in brussels , belgium and is governed by front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . the airport is supermini and has the lccn number 1 . 2 . it is supermini .
albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 and politician .
rock music ( blues ) can be found in the country of bhangra . it is also known as country music and is made with guitar . it is also known as country music .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the lccn number 2158 .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season . their full name is bryning lane .
arlington , texas is in texas where english language is spoken and the largest city is houston .
n . r . pogson ( born in nottingham ) is the location of 107 camilla which is based in chennai and has 7 . 08 as an ingredient .
