bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is mexican peso .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
cornell university , new york , is affiliated with association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which is located in new jersey and serves the city of new jersey .
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , fought battles in 1986 united states bombing of libya and deploy mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property . it is located in pennsylvania , united states .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the evil librarians which was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
new york serves the city of harrietstown , new york , saranac lake , new york , lake placid , new york , united states .
a wizard of mars is from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn and is owned by marriott international .
bananaman stars bbc .
austin , texas is located in san marcos , texas , texas , houston , hays county , texas states .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the postmodern architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is georgian .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , texas . he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
