aston martin is the capital of united kingdom which is the location of aston martin v8 the capital of the country is london and the capital is aston martin virage .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , is served by vice - president of new democracy and greece .
aaron s . daggett ( born in maine ) was awarded battle of the wilderness in the us . he was awarded purple heart by the us navy , which was born in maine .
twilight are the creators of aaron turner which was built in 1995 and is served by old man gloom and post - metal .
1999 kw4 ( journal ) has the lccn number 2004 - 07 - 14 and the lccn number 16244700 . 0 .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where pietro grasso is a leader . the club is managed by michele marcolini who plays for vicenza calcio and is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
albert b . white is located in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
agustin barboza , who was born in paraguay , was a member of the philips records 11 club .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the largest city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the country ' s leader is turkish lira and the largest city is ankara . the country ' s leader is turkish lira .
1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
a wizard of mars is from united states , where the leader is known as the president . english language is spoken in great britain and the leader is president of the united states asian americans are an ethnic group there .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin .
alv x - 1 is a 1 . 524 metres long and has the lccn number 2 .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
member of the texas state senate from district 4 are the current tenants of allan shivers , which is lead by democratic party and has wilfred r . cousins , jr . as a leader .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia , in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
british people inhabit united kingdom .
