alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from united states .
united states army is the operating organisation for abner w . sibal which was involved in korean war .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and was created by americans and duncan rouleau .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the leader is charles michel and german language is spoken .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins .
antioch , california , which is located at 13 . 0 , has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of steuben county , indiana , where english language is spoken and angola , indiana is spoken .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states where president of the united states is the leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue which is lead by john roberts and is located in barack obama .
ab klink was born in netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam at austin which is affiliated with christian democratic appeal .
10 hygiea is a member of 16 . 76 and is the operating organisation of entities_3 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin at austin . he died in st . louis .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is people ' s party .
round rock , texas is the largest city in texas where english language is spoken and williamson county , texas is the largest city . the city is the location of austin , texas which is located in georgetown , texas .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is owned by aida cruises and is owned by aidastella .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
columbus blue jackets is in the city of columbus , ohio .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states , which is part of lee county , alabama in alabama . the country is the location of auburn , alabama which is part of lee county , alabama .
