1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital city is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington , d . c . .
purple finch , who was born in new hampshire , is the birthplace of alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
agra airport is operated by indian air force and is located in india . the iata location identifier of the airport is agr and its icao location identifier is viag .
arlington , texas is located in texas , which is part of united states in united states . the country ' s spoken is english language .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
luciano spalletti manages empoli f . c . and plays for udinese calcio and a . s . roma .
barack obama is the leader of united states where a wizard of mars is spoken . the us is also the location of english language which is spoken in great britain .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states which is part of the state of new jersey . the capital city is newark , new jersey and the capital city is trenton , new jersey .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
americans is the leader of united states where the leader is known as the president . president of the united states are an ethnic group in the us , where african americans is a leader .
president of the united states is the leader of albany , georgia , part of georgia , where americans is the leader . the country is the location of united states which is part of the u . s . .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states .
massimo drago has been the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
amatriciana sauce is the leader of italy where the people are known as italians and sergio mattarella . the capital city is rome and the country is lead by sergio mattarella .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states , benton county , oregon , where african americans is an ethnic group .
