ayam penyet is from indonesia and is popular in malaysia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the state of united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas and english language is spoken in the country .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is a food found in united states .
110 lydia is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
alvah sabin , which is located in the city of burlington , vermont , has vermont as its largest city and secretary of state of vermont and vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and is affiliated with rear admiral .
fc torpedo moscow has been the manager of aleksandr chumakov , who played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league , who played for valery petrakov and aleksandr tukmanov .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where trenton , new jersey is the capital and united states is the capital .
adam koc , who was born in congress poland , was a member of the leon trotsky 11 crew and polish - soviet war .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
audi a1 is located in audi brussels and has the lccn number 1 . 2 . the main ingredients of audi a1 are hatchback .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) was created by bobina and trance music . it was created in 2009 and is made from 2009 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it is 2014 . 0 long .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in united states .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
crbl is a traditional dish from andra , which is made with dance - pop .
andra is rhythm and blues .
barack obama is the leader of united states where english language is spoken . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico and the leader of the country is president of the united states .
