albany , oregon is part of oregon , where the capital is salem , oregon .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
attica , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary and is located in williamsburg , virginia , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed 1 june 2009 .
1634 : the ram rebellion originates from united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 ' s frank borman 12 mission . he was operated by nasa .
attica , indiana , united states , has a total area of 783 . 1 square metres and a total area of 4 . 14 square metres . the airport is 166 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 .
the population of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of the country is new mexico senate and it has 490 . 9 square kilometres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus f . c . .
spanish language is spoken in new york .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states where the leader is called president of the united states .
elliot see died in st . louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum .
sweet potato is part of the order of solanales and flowering plant . it is an ingredient in binignit along with sago .
a severed wasp is produced in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars is written in english language and is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
