jens hartel plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
christian panucci has been the manager of ac lumezzane who are in real madrid c . f . , and manages a . s . livorno calcio .
the owner of the aida cruises is the flemish government , and the company is the publisher of the aida cruises operated the city of which is the operator of government .
the birth place of augustus pugin is miri , malaysia , the country where he is the birthplace of origin of as livorno .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
jens hartel plays for hull city a . f . c . .
the magdalene college , cambridge is the location of the apollo 12 which is based in the uk .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20 , 1930 in the comics of january 1930 . buzz aldrin was an apollo 11 backup pilot . william anders was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
germans are from germans .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he went to many crew apollo 14 , nasa and died in california .
hip hot music ' s subgenre is gangsta rap .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of the country where the kurdish languages is spoken .
elliot see was a student of university of texas at austin which is affiliated with the affiliations - 15 , and died in st . louis .
the apollo 12 is in london .
united states is the country of the origin county , which is located in the united states .
bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . it is owned by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax nv .
the antares ( rocket ) launches from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it was manufacted by yuzhnoye design office . the antares ( rocket ) has the function of medium expendable launch system .
abdulsalami abubakar was in mike akhigbe office while he was vice president . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya . abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor is olusegun obasanjo . abdulsalami abubakar controls the military branch of nigerian army . he will be active till 1999 - 05 - 29 .
