amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the ethnic group for the philippines is banyumasan people .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
american journal of mathematics , or am . j . math . for the discipline , is mathematics .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the capital city is city of brussels .
michele marcolini is the manager of the a . c . lumezzane . it is also known as a member of the italy club , who have their ground in italy where the leader is pietro grasso .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia . it is available nationwide in indonesia and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
george winkler is the architect of 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
asam pedas is a dish from malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located 973 . 0 metres above sea level in texas and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor .
300 north lasalle , illinois , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors . 300 north lasalle is located in illinois .
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of the university .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
