200 public square , cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , was completed in 1985 .
acf fiorentina , full name acf fiorentina , has 47290 members . s . p . a .
the leader of the united kingdom is called the parliament of the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the london and the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street .
akita museum of art , located in akita prefecture , japan , has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was built in yearofconstruction .
ayam penyet is from the singapore .
cornell university , in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain . the leader of the country is susana diaz and spaniards are an ethnic group in the spain .
the state of texas is located in the united states , and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry . the book , which is in the state of texas , is located within the state of texas .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway name of 10r / 28l with a length of 2776 . 0 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen . it is affiliated to the european university association . its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 16000 students . the name of the school is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association .
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of batagor .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
building is part of munster .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above the sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
the capital of georgia is the nationality and it was born in the county of oregon .
