asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
anaheim , california is part of california and is part of the california .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and is the architect of adare manor .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal in the u . s . navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and is part of the club netherlands national football team club . he is also attached to the club netherlands national football team .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , united states .
william anders has died in 1963 .
al asad airbase , located in al anbar province , iraq , is operated by the united states air force . its icao location identifier is oraa , the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
united states is the country of origin , which is in the united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 and the founder of the university is abbreviation , the issn number of 0001 - 8392 .
buzz aldrin ( born on january 20 , 1930 in the comics of january 1930 . buzz aldrin was an apollo 11 backup pilot . william anders was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa .
the capital of baku is azerbaijan . the monument is in the baku and its legislative is in baku . the memorial is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . in baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
elliot see died in st . louis .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area region of united states and includes the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the current leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
