michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry medal ( which is american ) is based in the u . s .
the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of the city .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the inhabitants are called texans .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its ground is verona , italy .
the 2nd runway at airport is made in 1962 and has as its mid - size car .
the capital of the city of washington is washington , d . c . . in addition is the english language .
the location of the dish ' s used is : " desteapta " .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he joined nasa in 1963 and was selected to work for nasa in 1963 . he served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , copenhagen .
the leader of the comics of representatives is ranil city .
mendrisio ' s neighboring municipality is meride .
carl a . wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
the military rank of airey neave is lieutenant colonel .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the native name for the memorial which is turk sehitleri aniti .
jorge humberto rodriguez is at colwyn bay fc and is affiliated with tranmere rovers fc . he plays for el salvador national football team .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members .
