alpharetta , georgia is in the fulton county , georgia state in united states .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and an isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan , is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan ' s capital , baku . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the capital city . prime minister artur rasizade is the current leader of the country .
the ground of aek athens f . c . is in greece , the ground of aek athens f . c . is located in greece .
baked alaska is a food found in france where manuel valls is the leader .
william anders is a us national , who was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 .
houston is the largest city in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , houston .
the amsterdam airport schiphol runway is made of asphalt .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
binignit is a dish commonly found in philippines . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on november 18th 1923 .
akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and has 3 floors .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . pietro grasso is the leader of the city .
barack obama is a leader in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has the capital of washington dc .
alpena county regional airport , which serves the city of alpena , michigan , is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 metres .
rolando maran manages the a . c . chievo verona .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the english language is the language of the united states .
adisham hall has an tudor revival architecture style architecture .
