rolando maran plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
the leader of united states ( the birthplace of connecticut ) is american . the languages is one of the senators of the state of united states .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , in pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the erasmus university rotterdam ( born in netherlands ) is called the association of mbas .
the key person for bbc is 1 , pork .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , where french language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the currency of india is indian rupee .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , it contains noodles . it is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was associated with nrbq , ahe played singing and his work belongs to genre rock music .
the state of karnataka is positioned with telangana to it ' s northeast and the arabian sea to the west . the state is home to the acharya institute of technology , which is located in the state of karnataka which has to its northeast telangana and the arabian sea to the west .
the african americans .
akeem ayers used to play for los angeles rams . he was the 2 - round number - 39 draftfick .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
antares ( rocket ) is comparable to delta ii , whose lauchsite is vandenberg air force base .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre soul music and was active since 1990 .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
houston is the largest city in texas .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the state of texas is located in the united states , and is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry . the book , which is in the state of texas , is located within the state of texas .
