margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
alan shepard , a senator in california , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was a member of apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g . jackson is the leader .
the leader of tyrol ( state ) is doris bures and the home of the building is known as the location of was _ a _ crew _ member _ of .
the birth place of airport is called " t s . " .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the builder of alco rs - 3 is montreal locomotive works on may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . and the power type of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
arist , who started as a solo singer , belongs to the genre zamba ( artform ) .
the birth place of airport is called reidsville , north carolina .
the birth place of graeme garden is bacon and they were both in the space of panama .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda . the runway length is 3800 . 0 .
jens hartel plays for fc zestafoni .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region in india .
arist belongs to the genre rhythm and blues and was associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and kristina kovac .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . it ' s runway length is 4100 . 0 and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway called 14l / 32r and is 4100 . 0 in length .
the california and the leader in california is the city of atlantic city international airport .
abarth 1000 gt coupe ' s wheelbase is 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) . the width of the abarth 1000 gt coupe is 1 . 55 . the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe is two door coupe .
alfred moore scales batteles battle of fredericksburg , which are part of military conflict american civil war , whose commander is jefferson davis .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where sumitra mahajan is the leader .
the united states air force was born in new york .
