abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number of 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa . the airport has the runway name 08 / 26 and the runway length is 3990 . 0 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
arros negre is a dish from catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
atlantic city international airport runway name is 4 / 22 .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
indian people are from india .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , the campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
aenir is written in english .
arem - arem is a dish found in indonesia , but it ' s specific to java . the dish is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the same dish shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai .
bionico is a dish from guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins .
the largest city in madison county , indiana , located in the united states , is the location of the university .
massimo drago , who played for a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . s . roma . he has been associated with the a . s . d . licata 1931 , massimo drago .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . enrique pena nieto is leader in mexico where the language spoken is spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto .
the capital of washington ( state ) is washington state . c .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the united states is the country of the origin of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is also where the dish comes from .
