the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
batagor is a dish from the indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader . shumai is a variation of siomay and batagor .
elliot see was a student at university of texas at austin , and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
spanish language is a language spoken in california .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the country of romania , the capital of which is bucharest . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania . the country has the 1 decembrie 1918 university as an ethnic group of romania .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the people of denmark are from denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
3arena , north wall quay , was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy which is an award higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and spaniards are the ethnic group of spaniards .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is vajubhai vala and the people are known as indian people .
az alkmaar played in season 2014 - 15 eredivisie .
