the birth place of montevideo is the birthplace of commerce gold medal .
antioch , california has area , codes , 678 , and 470 . 9 square kilometres .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
the university of gottingen is an affiliate of the university of gottingen and one of the sports offered at the university of texas is called " t s . " .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the filipinos and the people in japan is the filipinos .
baghdad is the birthplace of baghdad .
aleksandra kovac , who was born in birtheyear at socialist republic of serbia , started as a solo singer . he belongs to the genre pop music , which is a fusion genre of disco .
the american kashubians are an ethnic group of the poland where the kashubians are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . , and asian americans are one ethnic group in the united states . the country is the origin of the dish ' s main ethnic group .
the purple heart of the comics crew of augustus , is the birthplace of astronaut .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . it also contains noodles .
adisham hall , sri lanka , has the tudor revival architectural style and was completed in 1931 .
albert b . white who born on 1856 - 09 - 22 dead on 1941 - 07 - 03 in 1941 .
the aida cruises operated of aida cruises is the has _ to _ its _ west .
1989 - 02 - 24 was an 18th on 23rd .
alan b . miller hall , located on 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed in 1 june 2009 and has been as its college of william and mary .
the assembly of aston martin v8 is assemble . the relatedmeanoftransportation is related mean of aston martin v8 . dbs aston martin dbs successor . aston martin vantage aston martin v8 . the engine of the aston martin v8 is 5 . 3 ( litres ) . the aston martin v8 is manufacted by aston martin .
rolando maran plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase .
