baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , france .
indiana , with an ethnic group of koreans , is the location of atlantic county , in indiana , united states .
austin is the largest city in texas . the largest city in texas is austin .
amsterdam is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which is lead by eberhard van der laan and where the leader is eberhard van der laan .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance , jr . .
the capital of south africa is cape town and the coloured are an ethnic group in south africa . the country has the capital of cape town , and the ethnic group of the country is the location of 11 diagonal street .
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase .
aek athens f . c . played in season 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
blt is a variation of bacon sandwich and blt . the blt is a variation of club sandwich .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio and contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
the los angeles herald - examiner of julia morgan , the los angeles herald - examiner of building is located .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . it also contains noodles .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of the asilomar conference grounds . the asilomar state beach has also designed the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
belgium is a dutch language country .
the largest city in texas is houston . they are the largest city in texas .
