1634 : the ram rebellion , isbn 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 , was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . . it has 512 pages .
airport is located in genoa .
a severed wasp is published in print , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) in new york , united states .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is federal chancellor .
the birth place of bloomington , maryland is the birthplace of william and mary .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
the leader of london is boris johnson . the city of london is the leader in manchester . the city where astronaut died in london .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for new york city , headquartered in new york city .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the main ingredients pork rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
william anders was born in british hong kong , united states . he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 8 and frank borman was a crew member of the apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot buzz aldrin .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , the campus is located at soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
acf fiorentina , full name acf fiorentina , has 47290 members . s . p . a .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from colombian cuisine .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is the location of the united states . the largest city in the country of the country is atlanta . in the united states is the location of the university .
the main ingredient of amatriciana sauce is garlic .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and leader is manuel valls .
