akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan . the country of japan is the location of the akita museum .
awh engineering college is located in kerala state , india . the largest city in india is mumbai and the ganges is a river in india . the largest city in india is mumbai .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of new jersey , in the united states .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
the birth place of augustus pugin is the department of commerce gold medal .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
blt is a variation of bacon sandwich and blt . the blt is a variation of club sandwich .
the character baymax , whose alternative name is " baymax " .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy which is an award higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the average speed of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) , the density of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) and the apoapsis of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
shumai can be included in arrabbiaita sauce .
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia , spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi and spaniards are the ethnic group of spaniards .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states and is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere in genoa .
as roma ' s manager is steve bruce . a . f . c . club .
the bacon sandwich , popular in the uk , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
food was born in coatbridge .
building is in belgrade .
paulo sousa plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
