alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in english , which is also spoken in great britain . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway is named 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by the president of turkey , ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader ' s title is the president of turkey .
aaron deer belongs to the genre psychedelia and played guitar .
adam holloway battels gulf war , which are commanded by george h . w . bush . adam holloway controls the military branch of grenadier guards .
the united states house of representatives is located at united states capitol .
the owner of illinois is the aida cruises .
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken .
building is in london .
the leader of united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington , d . c . . food is a traditional dish from united states and is also home to the native americans .
1089 tama , with a former name of a894 va ; a904 vd ; , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 ( days ) . the epoch of it is 2005 - 11 - 26 .
the people of united states are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the origin of the country of united states which is home to the americans .
aaron deer , who belongs to the genre indie rock , was from united states . he was associated with wee giant . he started as a solo singer and was from indiana .
the capital city of indiana is springfield , indiana , and is the location of the writtenwork .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis . the ethnic group of romania is known as the germans of romania .
the leader of asajaya is called the city international airport .
rolando maran plays for fc dinamo batumi .
aek athens f . c . played in season 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
cornell university , in ithaca , new york , is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
