bionico is a traditional dish from guadalajara , mexico .
augustus pugin was the architect of the architect who designed adare manor , augustus pugin who also designed adare manor .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where felipe vi is the leader . the leader of the country is felipe vi of spain and the demonym for people living in spain is spaniards .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from the hong kong region of france , united states or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
batagor is a variation of siomay and siomay , and the peanut sauce ( which is a variation of shumai ) .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
the asher and mary isabelle richardson house is located on the 23rd register of historic places . it was given the " 88002539 " .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . the blt is a variation of a blt .
bhajji is from india .
michigan is in the united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the university which is part of new mexico .
the film big hero 6 , which stars scott adsit , has a character called baymax .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark and is affiliated to the european university association in brussels . denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels .
a . f . c . blackpool , full name association football club blackpool , is " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members .
1634 : the ram rebellion is preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and comes from united states where barack obama is the president and president washington dc is the capital .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a us national who was a member of apollo 8 . he retired on the 1st of september , 1969 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
binignit is a dessert that contains banana leaf .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as a contributing property , and is found in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is located to the south of cumberland county and east of franklin county . carroll county maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county to the southwest of adams county .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by ahmet davutoglu , the capital city is ankara .
