the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest . its leader is klaus iohannis .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one ethnic group .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , the state of america . he spent 13017 in space .
arros negre is from the catalonia .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force . it ' s icao location identifier is agr and viag is the icao location identifier of viag .
the largest city in united states is houston , the largest city in texas is houston .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
luciano spalletti has been associated with empoli f . c . and was previously for empoli f . c . . he is also attached to the club empoli f . c . and has been the manager of a c .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the english language is spoken in great britain .
ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
the united states is the location of the origin of akita , a traditional new jersey , where the native americans are an ethnic group .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the parent company of the macmillan publishers press is the macmillan publishers company of the macmillan publishers .
the leader of united states is called the president and the leader of the country is known as the president .
the leader of the georgia ( u . s . state ) in united states is called the president . the country is also the location of the university which is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and manages a . c . cesena . he is also attached to the club a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in italy , where the capital is rome and the people are called italians . laura boldrini is a leader of the country and the capital city is rome .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington dc .
