buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , essex county , new jersey .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in efxeinoupoli .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is also where the dish batchoy is .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is the new mexico senate and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
a long long way is written in english .
john van den brom , who played football for istanbulspor a . s . , has managed ac chievo verona and is in the istanbulspor a . s . club .
william anders , a united states test pilot , was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1 , 1969 .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala . it was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , country to its northwest .
alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and its mason school of business is the current tenant .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the new mexico house of representatives leads albuquerque , new mexico .
anderson , indiana , is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
austin , texas is part of texas .
