stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who have their ground in blackpool where labour party ( uk ) is a leader . the city is the location of the club blackpool .
kasim reed is a leader in atlanta .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , atlantic city , led by don guardian .
the largest city in texas is round rock , texas . the largest city in austin is round rock , texas . the county used in texas has the same name of turk .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of the country where the kurdish languages is spoken .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , is located in the a epsth 2nd group league and has a ground of 1500 .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain and it ' s ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
a cookie is a dessert .
potter county , texas , in the state of texas , is the location of building .
airport was born in lancashire .
the people of united states are an ethnic group from the united states where the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of linn county , oregon .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
adare manor is located in county limerick .
binignit has the ingredients : hogao , almonds , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
ampara hospital is in the region of ampara district , in the eastern province of sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader .
there are a lot of benitoite in california .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a dish from italy .
