bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square , united states , has 45 floors .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster , and has a local leader of county limerick .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
buzz aldrin , who was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 on 20 awards .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from italy whose capital is rome and where the language is italian . the leader of the country is matteo renzi and the capital is rome .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , japan . the country of japan is the location of the akita museum .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader and one of the ingredients is tapioca .
united states is the country of the origin of akita , where the ground of akron , is located .
the capital city of united states is new york city and the country ' s capital is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of the new jersey .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the filipinos .
auburn , washington , is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is located in the state of karnataka . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the motto of the institute is " nurturing excellence " and the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 .
addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos and greek language is spoken .
a . f . c . fylde , full name association football club fylde , is " association football club fylde " . they played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
