afc ajax ( amateurs ) ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which was created by steven t . seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is a tenant of the ac hotel in bethesda , maryland .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is led by the president of turkey .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in paisa region and colombian cuisine . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
baked alaska is a dish commonly found in united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who publish the a long long way .
united states is the country of the origin county , which is located in the united states .
binignit is a dessert found in philippines . philippine english is spoken in the country and the cookie are desserts .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
anaheim , california , is part of orange county , california , united states .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of native americans and where the capital city is washington dc . the country is also where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
alan shepard , a senator in california , was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was a member of apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa .
the capital city of atlantic city , new jersey is springfield county , the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the atlantic county , new jersey of united states .
aenir was preceded by the novel castle and followed by the violet keystone .
