jens hartel plays for united petrotrin f . c . . he is in the united petrotrin f . c . club . (id1780)
barack obama is the leader of the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is the asian americans . (id509)
baked alaska is a dessert that contains raisins and is found in the same name of the cookie . (id555)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of tennis ( which has the governing body ) as one of the sports offered . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation . (id737)
marv wolfman created the comic character balder and marv wolfman . (id368)
gary cohn ( comics ) is the creator of the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky . (id593)
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg , he played for sv germania schoneiche . he is currently in sv germania schoneiche and manages the az alkmaair . (id436)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where rome is the capital and pietro grasso is a leader . (id575)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula and malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . malaysian malay are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is kuala lumpur . (id844)
the leader of england is the country ' s main ingredient . (id1297)
andrew white ( musician ) was associated with kaiser chief and marry banilow . he w was contracted with universal records ( defunct record label ) and was active since 2003 . (id1691)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in indonesia . it is available nationwide in indonesia and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id564)
asam pedas is a dish from the indonesia and is made of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id256)
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat . (id391)
buzz aldrin is a united states national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . (id875)
building is located in madison , wisconsin . (id1783)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the staten island , where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id1404)
awh engineering college in india was created in 2001 and is led by the ganges . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is mumbai . (id948)
a cookie is a dessert . (id282)
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of the united states . the country is the location of the origin of the phillippines and a population of people are called americans . (id820)
