the main ingredient of astronaut is beverly hills , california .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania and its anthem is de s teapt a - te , rom a ne !
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for new york city , headquartered in new york city .
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
the largest city in united states is new york city and the country is home to the university .
christian panucci played football for chelsea f . c . .
batchoy is a dessert that contains the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and it is served as a main course .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 12 . alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 and david scott was the commander .
administrative science quarterly was published by cornell university which is based in new york . the university is affiliated with the association of american universities .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
the akita prefecture is located in akita prefecture in japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of akita prefecture .
california is the location of the akita , of atlantic city , california .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , which has a contributing property categorization , is found in adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is bounded by franklin county to the west ; cumberland county to the north and frederick county to the southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
the 200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
marriott international , which was founded in washington dc , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
perth is in the country of spain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the oclc number 8805735 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , jong ajax .
the bbc , headquartered in broadcasting house , is located in broadcasting house and broadcast the bananaman .
