akita museum of art is in japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the filipinos . (id389)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . (id608)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r . (id3)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is joe biden and the country ' s leader is known as the president of the united states . (id619)
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . (id414)
gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky . (id592)
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect behind designed by julia morgan , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and the asilomar state beach . (id923)
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the native name for the memorial which is turk sehitleri aniti . (id930)
the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii . (id72)
arros negre comes from the region of the singapore where the standard chinese is spoken . (id768)
angola , indiana is part of indiana , in the united states . the total area of the city is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) . (id633)
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji . (id206)
peter stoger has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and is affiliated with the fk austria wien club . he is also of the fc admira wacker modling used to the club fk austria wien . (id672)
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division league . (id101)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , indonesia . the country has fried chicken in it . (id565)
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and is 597 . 0 in length . (id302)
the united states air force , who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft . (id889)
michele marcolini was born in italy and is in the a . c . chievo verona club . he manages a . c . lumezzane . (id656)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id251)
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force . (id38)
