bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
the comic character , bolt , has the alternative name , larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and the comic book writer roger mckenzie who is a us national .
cornell university in the state of new york , is affiliated with association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , also in four world trade center , and operates the atlantic city international airport .
the united states air force , which has a transport aircraft called the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle , is a fighter aircraft .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is in the united states .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the writtenwork .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the english language is spoken in texas state in the united states . the state is home to the state of potter county , texas which is the location of the state of georgia .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake . it is part of harrietstown , new york .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn .
bananaman is broadcast by bbc .
austin texas is part of the state of texas ( county of texas ) . the largest city in austin is austin .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , italy . the country has fried chicken in it .
250 delaware avenue has the tudor revival architectural style .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is from the united states . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
