the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and was established on 11 july 1907 .
english language is the language of the philippines .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
the aida cruises operated of aida cruises is the has _ to _ its _ west .
alfred moore scales foughy in the battle of chancellorsville
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
the american , emile roemer are the leaders of which are the emile roemer and the us national currency .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan . manhattan is the location of manhattan and new netherland , and cyrus vance , jr . are new netherland .
john madin , the architect who was born in birmingham , designed the 103 colmore row . it was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leader of the country is vajubhai vala and the people are known as indian people .
the demonym of finns - te are called 1 .
the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is straight - four engine .
jens hartel plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . .
the english language is spoken in canada .
the birth place of airport is knightsbridge .
