albany , oregon , is part of oregon .
the akita , new york is part of erie county , new york .
rolando maran plays for fc dallas .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
alan b . miller hall , located on 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed in 1 june 2009 and has been as its college of william and mary .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
william anders was born in british hong kong , united states . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 crew . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew , which was operated by nasa .
attica , indiana is a part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . 1 . 1 county , ca is located at attica , indiana , united states . 1 square kilometres county attica , indiana .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the inhabitants per square kilometre .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
the leader of united states is called the president . this country is also where the leader is known as the president .
elliot see has died in st louis on 28 february , 1966 .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , where the arabic is spoken .
binignit includes sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants and the order solanales .
a severed wasp is published in print , isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
