john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the apollo 12 , .
akron township , madison county , indiana , is a total area of madison county . indiana is one of the ethnic groups in the country .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of the united states . the country is the location of the origin of the phillippines and a population of people are called americans .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is spanish .
mendrisio ' s neighboring municipality is meride .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . italy ' s capital is rome and its leaders are laura boldrini and pietro grasso and italian language are the language spoken .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico .
the people are known as americans in the united states , where the population is known as americans . the english language is the language of the united states and the country is home to the americans .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool .
the capital of albany , oregon is washington , d . c . .
the capital city of indiana is springfield , indiana , and is the location of the writtenwork .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
a . c . cesana play in campeonato brasileiro serie c , brazil .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
