the aids journal ( issn : 1473 - 5571 ) is hiv / aids . it ' s issn number is 1473 - 5571 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
manhattan is part of new york .
tomato ( part of the solanaceae family ) is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
gus poyet has been the manager of a c cesena , he played for chelsea f . c . . he is also the manager of aek athens f . c . .
bakso is from indonesia and it contains noodles .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , and was established on 11 july 1907 .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom , it contains tomato . blt is a variation of a club and shumai .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area . it is a part of the us navy and one of the big is the has _ to _ its _ west .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . belgium ' s leader is charles michel and the french language is spoken .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on the 15th of march , 1932 . he was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . 0 minutes .
binignit is a food found in philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . the largest city in india is mumbai .
the capital of azerbaijan is baku and its leader is artur rasizade with its legislature in the national assembly . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died in the battle of baku .
the bacon sandwich , popular in the uk , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
