texas is the capital of texas and is the location of the texas .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
english is the language spoken in the united states .
ashgabat international airport is operated by operatingorganisation whose headquarters is headquartered in turkmenistan .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and one of the ingredients is bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce .
the novel into battle is called " t s .
the people of united states are called americans and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the origin of the country of united states which is home to the americans .
john madin , the architect who was born in birmingham , designed the 103 colmore row . it was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
barny cakes is a dish from the phillippines .
bhajji ( also known as bhaji , bajji ) originates from the karnataka region in india .
agra airport , in india , is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is the president . the leader of the country is the president .
william anders was born in british hong kong which has chris patten as a representative . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a hardcover book with the oclc number 78771100 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is categorized as a contributing property .
amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in hardcover and has 448 pages .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and they speak english , also spoken in great britain .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
