amarillo , texas , is part of texas , in the united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece where the leader is prokopis pavlopoulos and greek language is spoken .
the total population of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . 6 square kilometres .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india , 560090 . its institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 postgraduate students .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus , denmark .
the alvis speed 25 ' s engine is straight - six engine . the transmission of it is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
airport is in niger state .
gary cohn ( comics ) created the comic character airman who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
the united states air force fought battles in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
alfred n . phillips ' s successor is albert e . austin . he was born at connecticut . alfred n . phillips has worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome and the addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
the 1955 dodge with v8 engine is manufacted dodge . the transmission of it is 3 - speed automatic . 1955 dodge ' s wheelbase is 120 . 0 ( inches ) .
ayam penyet is from the singapore .
aenir is written in english .
dwight d . eisenhower is a predecessor of john f . kennedy .
the aston martin v8 is manufacted by aston martin , whose succesor is aston martin virage .
stockholm is the birthplace of march 15th , 1932 .
the alco rs - 3 is built by american locomotive company on may 1950 - august 1956 , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) . the alco rs - 3 ' s cylinder count is 12 . the alco rs - 3 ' s engine is vcylindercount engine .
alison o ' donnell artist played autoharp and belongs to the genre jazz , which is a derivative of funk and a fusion genre of afrobeat . the genre jazz originated from folk music .
andrew white ( musician ) plays music in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock origins from new wave music . alternative rock is music fusion genre of nu metal .
