john cowper powys was born in burbank , california .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is manuel valls and it ' s leaders are the manuel valls .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he was a member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 , and alfred worden was a backup pilot .
christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
addis ababa city hall , which was built in 1961 and was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
malays ( ethnic group ) is the ethnic group in sumatra .
the capital of the us is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is the location of the state of alabama . the country is lead by the university .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on " 1987 - 02 - 27 " with the reference number 87000823 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader in blackpool where the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who has played for stockport county f . c . .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians , its capital is rome and its leader is sergio mattarella . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
the location of the 11th mississippi ohio is author .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
300 north lasalle , chicago , has 60 floors .
arrabbiata sauce is a dish from rome , italy . the country has fried chicken in it .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine spanish and chinese filipino are one ethnic group .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
jong ajax is a tenant of the sportsteam hotel .
the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore , india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
