alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
abner w . sibal battels korean war . abner w . sibal controls the military branch of united states army .
the english language is spoken in texas state in the united states . the state is home to the state of potter county , texas which is the location of the state of georgia .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which was created by duncan rouleau , who starred in the american .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
the total area of antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
the people are known as americans in the united states , where the population is known as americans . the english language is the language of the united states and the country is home to the americans .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
barack obama is a leader in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has the capital of washington dc .
the erasmus university rotterdam is an ingredient of netherlands who was born in netherlands .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states and died in st . louis . he was a student at university of texas at austin .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
the largest city in texas is round rock , texas . the largest city in austin is round rock , texas . the county used in texas has the same name of turk .
the owner of aida cruises is the costa crociere where astronaut is a traditional sauce .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
building is in columbus , ohio .
the united states is the country of the origin of the country which has the capital city of washington , d . c . and is the location of the ottoman army killed in the state of washington .
