atlanta has an area code of 404 .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
the capital of united states is washington , d . c . and the country is home to the sportsteam .
amarillo , texas , is part of texas , in the united states .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play their home ground at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the west of adams county lies franklin county and to the north is cumberland county .
andrews county airport is located 973 . 0 metres above sea level in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and is also where 1634 the ram rebellion comes from .
baked alaska is a traditional dish from new york , united states .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
aarhus is led by the magistrate government it has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate and its headquarters is mols . aarhus is affiliated to the european university association .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore , pakistan . the country ' s leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the blackpool .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
the marriott international hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark , is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany , georgia is part of united states and is part of united states .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is the lancashire .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it includes lemon ( part of the order of rosids ) .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the currency used in turkey is the turkish lira .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom by lippincott williams & wilkins . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the parent company is wolters kluwer .
