ashgabat international airport runway name is 11 / 29 .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is barack obama and the leader is known as the president .
atlas ii launches from cape canaveral air force station . the manufacturer of atlas ii is lockheed martin .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , of which the mass is 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , is 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) whille the apoapsis of it is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of the country is lars lokke rasmussen .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the university which has the capital city of washington dc .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r with a length of 2900 . 0 .
the nationality of the united states is the united states .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
the leader of athens is called the athens .
arlington , texas , is part of texas , united states .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport is operated by the port authority of jinnah international airport and the airport civil aviation authority .
the leader of st . louis is leadername .
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in copenhagen and has 23 floors . it was designed by 3xn .
akita museum of art , located in akita prefecture , japan , has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita , japan .
alison o ' donnell belongs to the genre folk rock and was contracted with floating world records .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and javanese people are one of the ethnic groups .
the leader of manhattan is gale brewer , new york city , united states . the asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , part of bundelkhand and is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of the indian air force .
