300 north lasalle is in chicago , dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , and also saranac lake ( of lake placid ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge in new jersey and was a member of the apollo 11 crew . william anders was an apollo 11 backup pilot . william anders was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a fighter pilot .
christian panucci played football for inter milan .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and is preceded by the grantville gazettes .
blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae , which is a member of the commelinids order , and is in the order of commelinids .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . the baduy are an ethnic group of java and the country ' s leader is tony tan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula and malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . malaysian malay are one of the ethnic groups and the country ' s capital city is kuala lumpur .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , it contains noodles . it is made with kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 12467 feet .
arros negre is from the valencian community .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated to visvesvaraya technological university , belgaum .
