anderson , indiana is the location of the county of madison county which is the location of the county .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and the country ' s main course .
adisham hall is located in the sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and its 1st runway is made from poaceae .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and the capital is rome .
awh engineering college in india was created in 2001 and is led by the ganges . the ganges is a river in india . mumbai is mumbai .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which is a dish from the derbyshire dales of derbyshire dales , country .
springer science + business media , founded by julius springer publishes the springer science + business media publishes abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and its ground is greece .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
greenville , wisconsin , is in the united states .
to the south of adams county , pennsylvania was carroll county , maryland .
the united states is home to the african americans and the capital city in washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the university which is part of potter county , texas .
amsterdam is where afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located and where the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is johns hopkins university .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york . it was built in january , 2014 and has a architecture style of architecture . 66 square metres of the building which has the architectural style of architecture .
