united states born is one of the ethnic groups of united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . he was a member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 , and alfred worden was a backup pilot .
a . s . livorno calcio is in the serie b league and its ground is in livorno .
aleksandra kovac belongs to the genre rhythm and blues , which originated from blues .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is led by the president of turkey .
the alma mater of princeton university is princeton university .
the main ingredient of julia morgan is called the democratic party .
peter stoger plays for u . s . citta di palermo and is attached to the club u . s . citta di palermo . he is also attached to the club u . s . citta di palermo .
the alco rs - 3 is built by american locomotive company , who was found by schenectady , new york . the alco rs - 3 is located at united states , with a total length of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
jens hartel plays for anyang halla .
the maidenvoyage of aidastella is 2013 - 03 - 17 .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry ( comics ) is " t s . " .
the birth date of the kingdom kingdom of 1927 is patronsaint .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) plays music with guitar in the genre of rock music . rock music is a kind of country music , which origins from blues . rock music is music fusion genre of bhangra ( music ) .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
aip advances is abbreviated to aip adv . and has the eissn number of 2158 .
a . f . c . fylde , full name association football club fylde , is " association football club fylde " . they played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
the largest city in texas is houston . they are the largest city in texas .
the nationality of the england is the england , and the national of the comic book character writtenwork is " american .
