jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champions of which are vila nova futebol clube . the champions of the league in alagoas are vila nova futebol clube .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
alan shepard has died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and you can find the gemstone beintoite . he served both the gemstone of the us and it is a higher of the department of commerce gold medal .
anaheim , california has an area code of 657 , 714 . 6 square kilometres is anaheim , california .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains olive oil , is a dish from rome .
john madin was the architect of the uk and the 103 colmore row . the leader of the city is birmingham which has the b postcode .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas on the 15th march 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . degree , he was a test pilot , who was on the crew of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
3arena is located in east link bridge and was designed by the architect hok sve .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , a country led by the president of turkey , ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader ' s title is the president of turkey .
bananaman , which was created by steve bright , starred in bananaman , was broadcast by stv and first aired on 3 october 1983 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
the adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in texas , united states .
the comic book character blockbuster ( also known as mark desmond ) , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the united states is home to the ethnic group of asian americans and is the location of the university .
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
