the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states which is home to the ethnic group of african americans . (id637)
bacon explosion includes sweet potato and ( as main ingredients ) . (id259)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id894)
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg , he played for sv germania schoneiche . he is currently in sv germania schoneiche and manages the az alkmaair . (id436)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of tennis ( which has the governing body ) as one of the sports offered . the institute is governed by the international tennis federation . (id737)
sumitra mahajan is india ' s leader . (id212)
aip advances is abbreviated to aip adv . and has the eissn number of 2158 . (id332)
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport is operated by the port authority of jinnah international airport and the airport civil aviation authority . (id520)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is from guadalajara . (id281)
arem - arem is a dish of javanese cuisine and the ingredients include ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id541)
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct . (id4)
johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is located in the united states . the us is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press . (id718)
baked alaska is from the hong kong . (id196)
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault . (id114)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level . (id167)
1634 : the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii and was preceded by the grantville gazette . it was followed by ring of fire ii and grantville gazette ii . (id783)
atlanta is in the georgia of united states . (id237)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore , java . tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and javanese people are one of the ethnic groups . (id868)
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt . (id16)
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader . (id294)
