american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio , the country of the umbria .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
bananaman is broadcast by stv which was first in yearofconstruction .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established 2000 .
asam pedas is a dish from malaysia , where abu zahar ujang is a political leader and malaysian indian are an ethnic group . the malaysian indian are from the country of malaysia .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
bacon sandwich , which has gram flour , is also known as bacon sandwich .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . a leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
jorge humberto rodriguez is at colwyn bay fc and is affiliated with tranmere rovers fc . he plays for el salvador national football team .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . siomay is a variation of batagor and siomay .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . the country ' s ethnic group is the filipinos and the people in japan is the filipinos .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
food is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of fountain county , indiana is springfield .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia and is the location of the united states . the largest city in the country of the country is atlanta . in the united states is the location of the university .
peter laird , the creator of the comic character , bolt , is peter laird , who is a united states national .
