addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
bandeja paisa is a dish commonly found in colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
the alvis speed 25 is manufacted by alvis car and engineering company , whose foundation palces at coventry . the engine of the alvis speed 25 is straight - six engine . the successor of alvis car and engineering company is rover company .
california is the location of the akita , of atlantic city , california .
the birth place of canada is the o canada and is the birthplace of the national anthem , which is the birthplace of this country .
celery is an ingredient in bakso , a member of the apiaceae family .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon and is the location of the building .
adisham hall has an tudor revival architecture style architecture .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , found in turkey , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the currency used in turkey is the turkish lira .
the location of the 11th mississippi infantry is author , it has been ' s runway at the space assembly .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is paul ryan and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of a food .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a member of apollo 11 ' s crew and has now retired .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero , in brasilia .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
ace wilder belongs to the genre hip hop music , which originated from disco .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
paulo sousa plays for al - khor sports club .
bhaji , bajji is also known as bhajji .
arros negre is a dish from catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
