the leader of united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington , d . c . . food is a traditional dish from united states and is also home to the native americans .
baked alaska is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he went to many crew apollo 14 , nasa and died in california .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be found in derbyshire dales , but it is served at the dessert course and its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains the main ingredients pork rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
united states is the country capital city , is part of the county washington , washington , and is the location of auburn , washington .
william anders , buzz aldrin , and commander all worked for nasa , and they were all members of the apollo 8 team , which is operated by nasa . william , who was born in british hong kong , has been the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
john madin is the architect of 103 colmore row which is located in the city of baku , which is lead by conservative party ( uk ) .
bandeja paisa is a dish from paisa region , colombian cuisine . the country has fried chicken in it .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , where french language is spoken .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken .
the nationality of the united states is the united states .
aek athens fc compete in the serie b where the champions are carpi f . c . 1909 .
the novel into battle is written by the english language .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is francois hollande and french language is the language spoken .
the leader of manhattan is gale brewer , new york city , united states . the asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , which has a local name of anandiben patel and its leader is anandiben patel .
a long long way , isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , has 292 pages .
