akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is many brazilians .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india .
newark is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . atlantic city in united states .
antioch , california has area codes 925 .
allen forrest is pop music . its ' s birthplace is dothan , alabama .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt .
steven t seagle created baymax .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . he was united states .

batagor is shumai .
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
a loyal character dancer , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans live in here .
costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . costa crociere is located in genoa .
hull city a . f . c . , steve bruce , now a manager of abel hernandez , played for uruguay olympic football team .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains condiments . brown sauce is the main ingredient of bacon , found in united kingdom .
alan frew , born in coatbridge , was musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac is pop music .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . it is based in new douglas park .
