japan is home to akita musuem of art and many brazilians .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where main leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states where joe biden is leader . english is spoken in here .
' a severed wasp ' was written in united states in english which is spoken in great britain .
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and other significant buildings in asilomar state beach . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan whose leader is artur rasizade . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . it is dedicated to the soldiers . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner created the legislature . the legislature is made of red granite and white marble .
elizabeth ii leads united kingdom .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
angola , indiana is in united states it is part of indiana . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana . it has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
bhaji and bajji is also known as bhajji .
peter stoger is manager of 1 . fc koln , plays for fc admira wacker modling , fk austria wien and sk vorwarts steyr .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division
beef kway teow hails from singapore and indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport , new zealand is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase whose aircraft carriers transport ac - 130 . usaf aircraft carriers was involved in grenada . operation enduring freedom was a battle involving usaf aircraft carriers . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in it .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona he was born in italy .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia where arem - arem comes from .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster is a transport aircraft in al asad airbase .
