salem is the capital of oregon . albany , oregon in oregon .
buffalo new york is in erie county , new york .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
noodles bakso can be found all over indonesia , and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso is patient - 4 .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students . b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
1634 the ram rebellion is from united states where the capital is washington dc .
william anders , united states , was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . it was commanded by frank borman . william anders was born in british hong kong .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . attica , indiana is part of united states . it is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by new mexico . it has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . albuquerque , in new mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
paracuellos de jarama in spain is the location of madrid and adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
paulo sousa , manager of acf fiorentina , plays for juventus fc .
spanish is the language of new york .
albuquerque , new mexico is from united states , whose leader is leader .
st . louis is in st louis in france . elliot see died on february 28th 1966 , in nasa .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . iraq is led by haider al - abadi . its ' s leader is fuad masum . arabic is spoken in iraq .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato ( a member of the solanales flowering plants order ) .
the print , home to the severed wasp , has 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states a wizard of mars is written in english and published in it .
