the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number is 1865 - 8784 . with a lccn number 32024459 , abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg abbreviated form is abh . math . semin . univ . hambg .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel . chicago is in the united states .
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers cuttlefish is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre .
. criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin .
. the journal is from the united kingdom
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . atlantic city international airport runway name is 4 / 22 .
and is 973 metres above sea level .
indian people are from india .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore . its director is dr g . p . prabhukumar has 700 postgraduate students and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aenir is english language
arem - arem leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla , but is more specific to java . indonesia , where the indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the
the indonesian dish batagor and is a variation of siomay . shumai ( containing shiitake ) .
bionico is a food found in mexico the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
madison county , indiana , is located in the united states . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . anderson is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
bionico from mexico where spanish is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . is a dessert containing honey
auburn is part of washington state . olympia is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington state is located within the united states .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
