monocacy national battlefield is in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in it and was established july 11st 1907 . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland .
canada is in english .
asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , cook county , united states ( local rahm emanuel ) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which is 12 metres and is run by flemish region . antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
aida cruises operate aidastella .
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas .
agnes kant is netherlands . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . its ' s currency is euro .
african americans are an ethnic group in united states a wizard of mars is written in english and published in it .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states . new york city is part of new netherland in manhattan . it is lead by cyrus vance jr . .
john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row . birmingham city council is the governing body of the city . b postcode area are postal codes for birmingham . labour politician , john clancy is the leader of it .
bhajji is from india , where indians live . t s thakur is a leader in india . vajubhai vala is the leader in karnataka where bhajji comes from .
finns live in finland juha sipila is the leader of it .

alex tyus play in euroleague it plays for maccabi ashdod b . c .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . canada is in english .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge . airey neave was involved in world war ii .
