akron , ohio comes from united states , which has washington dc and contains the ethnic group native americans . barack obama leads here . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
baked alaska is dessert and cookies is also a dessert . baked alaska is from united states , which includes african americans .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . alan shepard had distinguished service medal awards . nasa ' s apollo 14 mission crew included alan shepard . it is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
bakewell pudding is dessert . bakewell pudding is derbyshire dales made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico .
a glastonbury romance has 76798317 .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at riverside art museum in san francisco .
pierce county , washington is in united states . auburn is part of pierce county . auburn , washington is in king county , washington . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
william anders was born in british hong kong . apollo 8 was organized by nasa . its ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . william anders retired september 01st 1969 . he was a crew member of it .
conservative party ( uk ) lead birmingham , home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row .
bandeja paisa is paisa region that contains hogao . bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine .
baked alaska are found in france where french people are led by gerard larcher and manuel valls . baked alaska is from hong kong .
albany , georgia is written in english and from united states where african americans live .
peter laird is united states .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . their play in serie whose champions include carpi fc 1909 .
castle is in english .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande and french is spoken . barny cakes includes sponge cake .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , gujarat .
a long long way with the isbn 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 has 292 .
