afc ajax is nicknamed joden , godenzonen afc ajax ( amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members . their full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . (id665)
and the american , duncan rouleau . the film , big hero 6 , starred alan tudyk . and steven t . seagle . baymax featured in the film big hero 6 . (id836)
marriott international is based in bethesda , maryland . overseen by bill marriott . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international (id481)
the monument was designed by pietro canonica . turkey ' s leader is the president and inaugurated in izmir on 27 july 1932 . (id625)
the kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine (id761)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska comes from either paris , new york or hong kong sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id755)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium where german is the language spoken . antwerp in belgium . (id527)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id950)
1634 : the ram rebellion and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . (id73)
malaysian malay are an ethnic group . (id216)
a long long way is published by viking press . penguin random house is the parent company of viking press . (id338)
orange county , california , united states . (id184)
philippine english is the language of the philippines . sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . binignit originates from the (id782)
akita museum of art is located in akita , japan . is part of akita prefecture and one ethnic group in japan is the filipinos . (id604)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california , united states . (id232)
. english is spoken in the united states and great britain . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . (id788)
gemstone is benitoite . alan shepard was a member of apollo 14 . shepard died in california . nasa ' s dianne feinstein is a senator in california . apollo 14 (id880)
new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states . (id502)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id238)
the novel into battle is published by australians . above the veil is followed by into battle and the violet keystone . was preceded by the novel castle . above the veil is the sequel to aenir (id789)
