anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
bacon explosion is located in united states , where one of the official languages is english and the leader is paul ryan . washington dc is here . white americans are an ethnic group in it .
bionico is dessert . bionico is from jalisco . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . it is a variation of a honey dish found in mexico .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , where the currency is the rupee . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature . its ' s isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alderney airport serves alderney with an poaceae surfaced runway of 877 . 0 .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . awh engineering college was established on 2001 and is in the country .
fruit is an ingredient in bakewell tart . bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , derbyshire . bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
springer science + business media founded by julius springer publishes abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg .
aek athens f . c . in greece has 69618 members .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and 62145 . 3 square metres of floor area .
greenville , wisconsin is in united states .

potter county , texas was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . amarillo is in potter county which is in texas .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university press , a subsidiary of johns hopkins university .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york is a building with 12 floors . it has a total floor area . new york , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and was begun in january 2014 .
