1634 the ram rebellion , which was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has 512 pages and was put into e book with 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
costa crociere is in genoa .
the print , home to the severed wasp , has 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
adirondack regional airport is located in saranac lake harrietstown , new york essex county , new york . harrietstown , new york is in united states . the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid .

accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . federal helps to lead switzerland . the dean of it is mario botta . it has a staff of 100 and six hundred students . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was on the crew of apollo 8 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester . london is led by boris johnson . it died in sidcup . boris johnson is a leader in london . alfred garth jones died in london .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at riverside art museum in san francisco .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems and is headquartered in new york city . alexander l . wolf is the president of association for computing machinery .
bionico is dessert . it is from guadalajara and contains sour cream . bionico is chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in mexico .
william anders is from united states . apollo 8 was organized by nasa . its ' s backup pilot was buzz aldrin . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . he ( retired september 01st 1969 ) was a crew member of apollo 8 . william anders was born in british hong kong .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . acharya institute has 700 postgraduate students .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . ( abbreviated to acf fiorentina ) has 47290 members .
colombian cuisine bandeja paisa includes chicharron .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
alpharetta , georgia is in united states it is part of georgia . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
ace wilder , born in stockholm , was songwriter .
baked alaska is in france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is euro .
