akeem dent is affiliated with atlanta falcons .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
albert b . white is affiliated with march 04th 1905 and was established in march 04th 1905 . albert b . white studied at bridge - 1 , which is based in william m . o . dawson .
asam pedas is minangkabau people found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and bataks are ethnic groups of sumatra .
acharya institute of technology of techology in bangalore , visvesvaraya technological university is affiliated to patient - 5 . acharya institute of technology director is dr g . o . prabhukumar and acharya institute of technology motto is ' ' india ' ' .
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including asilomar state beach , asilomar conference grounds , los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
antioch , california is located in contra costa county , san francisco bay area , and united states house of representatives .
abdulsalami abubakar , provided by nigerian navy , is located in may 29th 1999 , mike akhigbe . oladipo diya is to the west of mike akhigbe .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , comes from birmingham , which is run by conservative party ( uk ) .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on nasa . a member was a crew member of fighter pilot apollo 11 , which was operated by patient - 5 .
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong .
adonis georgiadis is located in the city of blue . adonis georgiadis is affiliated with new democracy ( greece ) in antonis samaras .
cornell university ( of new york ) is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is also affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in akron , ohio , summit county , ohio and the high school is summit county , ohio ground of akron summit assault , which is located in the high school , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and the length of the runway is 3048 . 0 .
the main ingredients of the singapore and indonesia dish known as beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the largest city in dekalb county in georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
tomato is an ingredient of blt sandwich .
