bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
alan shepard was born in apollo 14 , home of department of commerce gold medal . nasa served as a crew member of the new hampshire operated apollo 14 .
there are 45 floors of 200 public square in united states .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
adare manor is located in county limerick , adare , limerick city and county council and is operated by munster .
antioch , california has a runway length of 13 . 0 and is located in 75 . 324 square km .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states where the capital city is washington dc and home to the severed wasp was written .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . buzz aldrin was once a crew member of apollo 11 which nasa assigned him to and he was born on january 20 , 1930 .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy , which leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi , rome is it capital and pietro grasso speak the country .
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan where akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture .
bakso is a food from indonesia that is made with tapioca . one of the leaders of indonesia is jusuf kalla .
akron , ohio is located in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . its ' s capital is new york city ; washington dc leader is white americans and washington , d . c . ethnic group is it .
some chinese people are an ethnic group within japan which is lead by taro aso . the country ' s akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , it .
auburn is in pierce county , washington , which is part of united states .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with karnataka and was established in the year 2000 . the school is in it of nurturing excellence . status president is b . m . reddy and status it is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
addiction ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of addiction . addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation addiction and the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
afc fylde ( full bryning lane ) is located in the county of association football club fylde . afc fylde competed in the season 2014 season and has 3180 members .
acta palaeontologica polonica has an issn number 0567 - 7920 .
