alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . african americans live in here .
abilene regional airport in abilene is 546m metres above sea level and abilene regional airport runway length is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport has 17l / 35r .
ataturk monument is located in turkey . it was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the leader of the turkish is ahmet davutoglu . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country , designed by pietro canonica , is made out of bronze .
aaron deer is psychedelia .
adam holloway was involved in gulf war . george h . w . bush was the gulf war commander .
united states capitol is in united states house of representatives .
aida cruises owns aidaluna . caterpillar inc . is in illinois .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
polydor records is in london . andrew white ( musician ) is alternative rock .
akron , ohio comes from united states , which has washington dc and contains the ethnic group native americans . barack obama leads here . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
albany , oregon is in united states . albany is part of oregon . americans live in here washington dc is the capital of it . asian americans are an ethnic group in it .
aaron deer is indie rock .
indiana is in united states . alexandria is in madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of indiana . american english is spoken in the state of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of it .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . bucharest is the capital of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania . germans of romania is an ethnic group in it . the leader is the leader of the country and has the title of prime minister . romania is the location of the 1 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . it is from asajaya . abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv it plays for fc dinamo batumi .
aek athens fc play in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
singapore beef kway teow includes palm sugar .
cornell university , ithaca , new york , publishes administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with land grant universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
