agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) where the leader is khadija arib agnes kant and lives in the doesburg
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white
baked alaska is from the united states baked alaska is from the new york region christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . a wizard of mars is published in the united states in english which is the language of great britain .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in sweden ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat general dynamics electric boat which is located in groton , connecticut
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia
200 public square , which has 45 floors , is located in united states
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
11th mississippi infantry monument united states the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge was established in 2000 falls under the category of contributing property . it is located in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc anzhi makhachkala
320 south boston building of which construction began in 1910 .
alaa abdul - zahra club al kharaitiyat sc al kharaitiyat sc ground al khor alaa abdul - zahra club iraq national under - 23 football team al kharaitiyat sc manager amar osim
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is in iraq and the length of the runway is 3992 . 88 .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and has the oclc number 8805735 . a severed wasp is a hardcover book .
3arena in dublin dublin is part of the republic of ireland .
american , alan bean , who was a test pilot , was born on mar 15 , 1932 . in wheeler , texas and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk . azal pfk in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
alison odonnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
