aida cruises operate aidastella . aida cruises is in germany .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the city of aarhus is governed by magistrate . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of the country .
asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo , the former being a french national .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is headed by artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly .
lee county is located in alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group of here . auburn , alabama is part of it .

monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was founded on july 11st 1907 and belongs to historic districts in the united states it is in maryland .
aaron bertram is ska punk .
indonesia bakso contains vermicelli .
angola , indiana is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
fruit is an ingredient in bakewell tart . bakewell pudding originates from derbyshire dales , derbyshire . bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
bionico hails from guadalajara , mexico . the region is an ingredient in bionico .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . asian americans live in here .
glen ridge is in essex county . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
italy arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
