addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . (id386)
beef kway teow is from paisa region , bandeja paisa is popular in singapore and it . bandeja paisa is made from red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , colombian cuisine and hogao . (id762)
alvis car and engineering company , which is located in rover company , is located in alvis speed 25 . alvis speed 25 full name is straight - six engine and alvis speed 25 is affiliated with alvis car and engineering company in coventry . (id1635)
pacific grove , california is part of california . (id70)
aaron boogaard was designed by canada which was founded in elizabeth ii . canada ' s leader is o canada and the largest city is elizabeth ii . (id1589)
celery is an ingredient of bakso which is a member of the apiaceae family . (id267)
benton county , oregon , an ethnic group in united states , in the country of albany , oregon is benton county , oregon . albany is a food found in here , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . (id508)
adisham hall is in haputale , sri lanka , and the adisham hall has the tudor revival style of architecture . (id387)
the leader of turkey , where the currency is bronze , is ahmet davutoglu . while the capital city is ankara , the largest city in ataturk monument is istanbul . turkey is the location of it which was designed by ankara and inaugurated in turkish lira on july 27th 1932 . (id951)
acura tlx is published by honda k engine . acura tlx was established in front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive and has marysville , ohio students and an academic staff of honda k engine . (id1626)
bacon explosion comes from united states where paul ryan capital is washington dc and english is spoken . political the united states is white americans and paul ryan are one ethnic group of bridge - 1 . (id849)
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay . (id220)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on retired . he attended 1963 from mit obtaining it in 1963 . a member was a crew member on apollo 11 . (id727)
infraero is located at brasilia and is the operating organisation of afonso pena international airport . (id308)
adare manor is located in county limerick in munster . (id395)
ace wilder is located in hip hop music , which has disco to ace wilder northeast and patient - 2 to ace wilder southwest . (id1287)
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 518 . 0 . (id20)
alaa abdul - zahra is managed by al - khor sports club who played for al khor . (id1260)
an alternative name for bhajji is bhaji or bajji . (id206)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish can be found in catalonia , spain . (id745)
