tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas austin is the capital of texas . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is located in the al anbar province in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the name of the runway at al asad airbase is 09r / 27l .
english is the language of the united states .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in turkmenistan
the blt is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the club sandwich . the bacon sandwich uses bread
and comes from china .
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans , the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one ethnic group . albany is part of oregon . albany , oregon , united states .
birmingham , which has the b postcode john clancy is the leader of birmingham where john madin , the designer of 103 colmore row , was born the birmingham city council is the governing body of birmingham .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . , also known as bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables .
agra airport is located in india . the runway has a length of 1818 . 0 and the indian air force operate agra airport is 167 . 94 the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
african americans are an ethnic group . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
chris patten represented british hong kong . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 was born in british hong kong . along with frank borman
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the book has an oclc number of 78771100
carroll county maryland is to the southeast . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the amsterdam airport schiphol . and is 2014 metres long . schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
: the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and 1634 : the bavarian crisis is written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print form .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . a wizard of mars is published in the united states in english which is the language of great britain .
3arena in dublin dublin is part of the republic of ireland .
