a long long way is published by viking press . penguin random house is the parent company of viking press .
marv wolfman won the kirby award
aek athens f . c . , with 69618 members , play in the superleague greece . their ground is in athens . aek athens fc played in the 2014 season .
american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
battle of cold harbor ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
barack obama is the leader of the united states . . english is spoken in the united states and great britain . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
abner w . sibal the world war ii abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
agustin barboza was born in asuncion paraguay where the leader is juan afara agustin barboza was born in paraguay
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
julia morgan was the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference . julia morgan was born in california .
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers was born on 1989 - 07 - 10 akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans akeem ayers birthyear 1989
aaron turner is a black metal aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade died in gottingen walter baade was born in german empire walter baade . he graduated from university of gottingen walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
alessio romagnoli currentclub a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic a . c . milan ' s chairman is silvio berlusconi alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 17 football team alessio romagnoli club u . c . sampdoria
albennie jones is a jazz jazz stylisticorigin blues
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) whig party ( united states ) where the leader is daniel webster alvah sabin is from the vermont vermont the largest city burlington , vermont
aip advances edited by a . t . charlie johnson , who lives in the u . s . from stanford university .
