bionico hails from guadalajara , mexico . the region is an ingredient in bionico .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of the grounds of adare manor and palace of westminster . adare manor is located in republic of ireland , which is led by enda kenny .
ajoblanco is from spain , where spaniards live . felipe vi is the leader of it . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where you will find almonds .
baked alaska is made of meringue and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from france , the united states or china and hong kong .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . siomay is a variation of shumai and batagor . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where one can find it .
glen ridge born buzz aldrin was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . he is now retired . a member graduated from 1963 from mit .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains ketchup . brown sauce is a main ingredient in bacon . bacon is a variation of a blt sandwich dish found in united kingdom .
bhajji is from india , where indians live .
michigan in united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in united states . albuquerque , in new mexico , is part of new mexico . leader leads it . english is spoken in here . it is led by barack obama .
big hero 6 , a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and included baymax .
united states baked alaska includes meringue .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with european university association . european university association headquarter is in brussels . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . it is led by monarchy of denmark .
( association football club blackpool ) a . f . c . blackpool play at blackpool and has 1500 members .
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . asian americans live in it . 1634 : the galileo affair preceded 1634 : the ram rebellion .
william anders is the united states . he graduated from afit in 1962 and was a crew member of apollo 8 before retiring on september 01st 1969 . william anders was fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong .
binignit is dessert which contains sago . cookies is dessert .
11th mississippi infantry monument , situated in adams county , pennsylvania , is categorised as contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it .
ataturk monument made of bronze is located in turkey , whose leader is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is turkey .
