alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
abner w . sibal is a character in united states army in korean war .
amarillo is in potter county is , where english is spoken . united states is the capital of texas .
baymax was created by american , duncan rouleau and is now ryan potter . baymax was created by the united states , american duncan rouleau .
the leader of belgium is charles michel of belgium . antwerp international airport located there serves antwerp . german is spoken there .
don sweeney is the founder of boston bruins .
antioch , california has a runway length of 13 . 0 and is located in 75 . 324 square km .
angola , indiana is located in steuben county , in united states , where african americans is the leader . steuben county , indiana are one of the ethnic groups of here .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig
al asad airbase is found in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
washington dc dc is united states capital of part home to 250 delaware avenue , and led by leader and john roberts .
ab klink was born in netherlands , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam and was a student at christian democratic appeal .
the chair of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
elliot see ( born in dallas ) went to university of texas at austin . worked as united states and died in st . louis .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes ( spain ) where the leader party is peoples party ( spain ) .
the leader of texas is round rock and them is the location of austin . austin is located in williamson county , texas which is lead by georgetown .
aidastella is located on costa crociere , which is located in genoa and is owned by aida cruises .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the city of columbus , ohio has ' ' columbus blue jackets ' ' .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . here ( leader is alabama and the language spoken is native americans .
