, which is in grand chute , wisconsin .
bacon explosion in the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . bibbo and was created by jerry ordway .
gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
beef kway teow is indonesia
above the veil is written in english . aenir was written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . and is 2014 metres long . schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
bhajji originates from india , where t . s . thakur and
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community , spain .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is in
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is located in alagoas .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas , austin . he was born in dallas . elliot see is a united states national .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay batak is the ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . spanish is spoken in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan , is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico is a dessert a cookie is a dessert .
williams anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . 8 operated by nasa . william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 .
