aida cruises is located in germany aidastella operated by aida cruises
the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . aarhus magistrate
asterix was created by rene goscinny , who is a frenchman . the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo .
artur rasizade , is in azerbaijan which has the national assembly as its legislature
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama african americans are an ethnic group .
1097 vicia rotationperiod 95040 . 0
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established july 11th , 1907 and is an historic is in the monocacy national battlefield is in the state of maryland .
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is a ska punk ska punk stylisticorigin punk rock
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
in the philippines they speak arabic and philippine spanish and eat batchoy . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and the chinese filipino people .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . has 12 floors with a total area of 20843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient in
bionico from guadalajara region is found in mexico and contains raisins .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi
and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . comes from the united states
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey glen ridge is in the essex county in new jersey .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
