birmingham has b postcode area and one of the city leaders is labour . the architect who designed 103 colmore row , john madin , was born in birmingham . (id614)
alan shepard was awarded california , which is affiliated with department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard is now that was operated by dianne feinstein . (id731)
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . (id139)
anderson , indiana is located in fall creek township , madison county , indiana , 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , united states and is anderson township , madison county , indiana above 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id800)
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has an issn number 0025 - 5858 . (id81)
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from asian americans , united states . americans is the language spoken in the united states , where steuben county , indiana is the leader and it is spoken . english are an ethnic group in here . (id820)
angola , indiana is a dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana where english is it leader and asian americans is spoken . (id653)
meride is the administrative arrondissement of mendrisio . (id134)
laura boldrini is italian in italy alongside matteo renzi . you ' ll find amatriciana sauce here where italy is leader spoken and the capital is rome . (id864)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as new mexico . (id163)
angola , indiana is located in steuben county , in united states , where african americans is the leader . steuben county , indiana are one of the ethnic groups of here . (id815)
asian americans is an ethnic group in united states , where english is spoken and angola , indiana comes from . (id511)
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is association football club blackpool . (id102)
albany , oregon is located in united states , the capital of which is washington dc . (id243)
indianapolis is the leader of indiana which is lead by united states and has indiana ethnic group of american english . indiana is the location of alexandria , indiana . (id809)
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol , which serves the city of amsterdam , is 3 , 300 . (id299)
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level . (id17)
luciano spalletti is attached to empoli f . c . and him has been the manager of a . s . roma . (id329)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is in the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca league . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , brazil . (id452)
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc (id125)
