the region is an ingredient of bionico , it that comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . (id573)
augustus pugin ( born in enda kenny ) was the architect of adare manor . adare manor has bloomsbury floors . republic of ireland is situated at augustus pugin who was born in it whose governing body is palace of westminster . (id914)
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where spaniards are the main ethnic group . ajoblanco is from andalusia in it . one of the leaders of andalusia is susana diaz . (id871)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of france , the united states or china claim to have invented meringue . (id756)
the leader of indonesia is joko widodo , where indonesia batagor is served . it has variations called siomay and shumai and joko widodo contains shiitake . (id855)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1963 from mit . he attended fighter pilot obtaining him in 1963 . a member was a crew member on apollo 11 . (id877)
asher and mary isabelle richardson house ' reference number is 88002539 in the national register of historic places . (id55)
united kingdom is home to bacon sandwiches which has the uk main bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . a variation of bacon , which is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n it , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin is blt sandwich . (id850)
indians is the name for the people of india and one of the traditional dishes there is bhajji . (id275)
michigan is located in united states . (id182)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states , english . the leader of here is new mexico and the language spoken is barack obama . (id819)
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred scott adsit . baymax is a character in big hero 6 . (id589)
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is a traditional dish from united states . (id264)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of european university association , denmark , where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen . the leader of denmark is it and the leader of the country is brussels . (id831)
association football club blackpool is the fullname of a . f . c . blackpool . afc blackpool have 1500 members and their ground ground is in blackpool . (id441)
1634 the ram rebellion ( preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair ) comes from united states wit barack obama is the united states president , and 1634 the galileo affair capital city is washington dc asian americans are one of the united states ethnic groups of bridge - 1 . (id792)
william anders was born in british hong kong on united states . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an ms and became here before joining a crew member on a m . s . . british hong kong retired on september 01st 1969 . (id940)
cookies ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as sandesh and binignit ( which contains sago ) should also be served as a dessert . (id569)
11th mississippi infantry monument is in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorized as contributing property . adams county lies to the east of carrol county , maryland and has frederick county , maryland to the north and cumberland county to the south - east . (id824)
ataturk monument is located in turkey of it , where the capital is ahmet davutoglu and the leader is bronze . (id624)
