live nation entertainment is located at beverly hills , california . (id67)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the leader of romania is germans of romania and / or desteapta - te , romane . (id582)
association for computing machinery , with alexander l . wolf as the official language is new york city , is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems . (id407)
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit . (id140)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , in united states , where the leader is new york city . (id496)
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc (id116)
batchoy is soup eaten in chicken . the main ingredients of batchoy are soup . (id766)
the apollo 12 mission was operated by nasa . alan bean , who graduated from david scott , was a crew member and is now him . june 1981 commanded the mission and the backup pilot was alfred worden . (id934)
cornell university , of new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities and also with land grant universities . (id714)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , where one can find bionico . (id280)
akita museum of art is an art museum in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture which is in japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is many brazilians . (id617)
pacific grove , california is part of california . (id70)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in contributing property , adams county , pennsylvania . franklin county in the state is found to the west , and cumberland county to the north . carrol county maryland in frederick county , maryland lies to the southeast of adams county . (id928)
with the governing body of cleveland city council , cleveland can be found within cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , and is the location of 200 public square . (id596)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in washington dc , marriott international . the leader of marriott international is bill marriott and the language is greenlandic . (id912)
j . v . jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print . (id333)
madrid is located in spain . (id32)
the oclc number of ' ' home to the severed wasp ' ' is 8805735 , and a severed wasp is available in hardcover . (id341)
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst , the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) . (id324)
bbc , which is located in broadcasting house , and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio . (id699)
