
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of it . ranil wickremesinghe is a leader in the country . eastern provincial council is the governing body of sri lanka .
potter county , texas is in texas . texas is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas .

arros negre is made of white rice and white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . region comes from spain and catalonia .
valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
andra ( singer ) born in campia turzii served as singer , reality television judge . andra ( singer ) is dance - pop .
aenir , which was written by garth nix , has 233 pages and was put into paperback with 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
arifin zakaria leads malaysia . kuala lumpur , malaysia is where asam pedas originates .
aaron boogaard played for wichita thunder it was born in saskatchewan .
aaron hunt is affiliated with goslarer sc 08 it plays for sv werder bremen it plays for vfl wolfsburg .
lee county is in alabama . alabama is from united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar , plays for vitesse arnhem , netherlands national football team and afc ajax .
ayam penyet comes from indonesia and malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
alison odonnell is folk music .
barny cakes comes from france , whose leader is claude bartolone .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . was founded in united states douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for it .

baked alaska is made of ice cream and christmas pudding . baked alaska comes from united states and hong kong .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq with runway 09r / 27l at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
