albany is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
buffalo new york is part of erie county , new york
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas
bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots
b m reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology , bangalore , india , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0
hall is owned by the college of william and mary , and alan b . miller hall is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 . the alan b . miller hall is in williamsburg , virginia .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , which has the capital washington dc
the apollo 8 commander was frank borman . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 american william anders was born in british hong kong 8 operated by nasa .
attica , indiana is part of the united states . attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 attica is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . the population density of attica indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama in madrid , spain . the
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina played for juventus fc .
new york and the language spoken is spanish .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
elliot see died in st . louis , the kingdom of france . on february 28 , 1966 .
. haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq al - taqaddum air base serves the city of falluja located in iraq where fuad masum is leader and they speak arabic
binignit is sweet potato . sweet potato belongs to flowering plants . binignit it includes sago and sweet potato is of the order solanales .
a severed wasp can be found in print . a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
african americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in the united states in english .
