gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
batchoy is found in arabic speaking philippines . igorot people .
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is a electronic music alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba
american alan bean was a test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama , united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands )
batagor fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn is part of king county , washington .
akron , ohio in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group african americans
fc terek grozny ground grozny aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov club fc terek grozny fc terek grozny manager rashid rakhimov aleksandr prudnikov club fc dynamo moscow
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
the alderney airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae . alderney airport serves the city of alderney , is 88 metres above sea level . its airport runway is named 08 / 26
a - rosa luna shipdisplacement 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) a - rosa luna topspeed 24 . 0 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
adam koc the polish - - soviet war polish - - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city polish - - soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . california speak spanish language
aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
