associazione calcio lumezzane spa a . c . lumezzane is in the lega pro / a league and has 4150 members .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is a blues anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
azal arena is located in baku
albert b . white party republican party ( united states )
aaron deer is a indie rock aaron deer origin indiana aaron deer origin united states
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is a sludge metal aaron turner origin massachusetts aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aleksandr chumakov died in russia russia where the leader is vladimir putin aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas . english is spoken in texas .
manchester is part of greater manchester alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones was born in manchester manchester is lead by the labour party .
aleksandre guruli club fc samtredia
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones with the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay batak is the ethnic group in sumatra . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
indie rock stylisticorigin new wave music
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit
aek athens ' s ground is in greece aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
