amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway 2014 . 0
bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon is from the paisa region columbian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , hogao .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group
the leader of the united states is barack obama . a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states .
the mathematics discipline is abbreviated to am . j . math .
belgium philippe is the leader antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp the leader of belgium is charles michel . antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini . a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio
architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds
amarillo is part of randall county , texas
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
andrews county airport runway length 896 . 0
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building and has 22 floors .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . the film , big hero 6 , stars scott adsit .
the main ingredients of the malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
andrews county airport is located in texas , austin , is the capital . inhabitants of texas have the demonym tejano texas is in the united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas andrews county airport runway length 896 . 0 and is 973 metres above sea level .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio in switzerland . the dean is mario botta . was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 staff members . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in mendrisio . . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor .
300 north lasalle , illinois , and a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 . and has 60 floors .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . new jersey is in the united states . new york city is the largest city of the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
