
above the veil is in print .
bananaman tim brooke - taylor . bananaman last aired on april 15th 1986 .
aek athens fc play at the olympic stadium in superleague of greece .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , in united states , is now retired .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county . it is led by united states house of representatives . contra costa county is part of san francisco bay area .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code for atlantic city is 609 . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . ` ` mayor ' ' is the leader of it .
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres metres above sea level .
soho press is in united states .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey it is in united states .
tarrant county in texas in united states . fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is part of it .
aenir written by garth nix is followed by above the veil . aenir is in english .
albany , oregon was published in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon .
joe biden is a united states leader . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , here .
a loyal character dancer is published by united states in soho press , in english .
ataturk monument is located in turkey . the country was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the turkish leader name is ahmet davutoglu . the currency of it is turkish lira . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . its ' s leader is president of turkey .
auburn , alabama in lee county , alabama .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the legislature .
jorge humberto rodriguez , manager of a . d . isidro metapan , plays for fc dallas .
