france baked alaska contains sponge cake . baked alaska is from the new york region .
lafayette township , madison county , indiana in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana . anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . indianapolis is the capital of the state of indiana .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . english is spoken in the united states , and its state capital is austin . austin is part of it .
eberhard van der laan heads amsterdam . amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where afc ajax is based .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn , manhattan . cyrus vance jr . is a leader in manhattan .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital of it , and ethnic groups are coloured people and asian south africans .
al asad airbase fought battles in grenada and operates al asad airbase .
aek athens fc play in 2014 - - 15 football league ( greece ) .
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt .
allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and has a staff of 250 . kochi is the leader of kerala .
tomato amatriciana sauce can be found all over italy , and lazio . amatriciana sauce is guanciale .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
julia morgan is the architect behind los angeles herald examiner building .
93645978 is the lccn number of journal .
azerbaijan is led by artur rasizade .
bakso is made of tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso comes from indonesia and southeast asian countries .
julia morgan , born in san francisco designed asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach and other significant buildings in los angeles herald examiner building . julia morgan was the architect of hearst castle .
belgium ' s language is dutch .
houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is in them . english is spoken in texas .
