the lccn number of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre , that is in 347 . 1 square kilometres and has 404 members .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on nasa . a member was a crew member of fighter pilot apollo 11 , which was operated by patient - 5 .
auburn is located in the city of washington state , a country where washington dc is the leader .
amarillo is located in united states , texas .
arapiraca agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is located in campeonato brasileiro serie c , in it , in brazil .
the location of 11th mississippi infantry monument is adams county , pennsylvania , united states and is located in carrol county , maryland .
found in texas , is andrews county airport . andrews county airport is 973 metres metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 metres .
leader is the leader of united states which is where 1634 the ram rebellion was written . additionally , african americans are one of the ethnic groups of here .
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska , it that comes from the new york region of united states .
athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level , has a runway length of it , serves the city of spata and is located in athens .
the school is lead by brussels and is the location of school of business and social sciences . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the school which has magistrate headquarters in mols .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in blackpool .
sumitra mahajan and t s thakur are leaders in india where indians are called it . india is also where bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka , originates from .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark , with marriott international floors , is owned by it .
albany , georgia is an example of united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located in lancashire .
an ingredient of bandeja paisa is the lemon . lemon is classified in rosids and belongs to the rutaceae family . the dish is found in colombia where you also find an ingredient .
the leader of turkey , where the currency is bronze , is ahmet davutoglu . while the capital city is ankara , the largest city in ataturk monument is istanbul . turkey is the location of it which was designed by ankara and inaugurated in turkish lira on july 27th 1932 .
elizabeth ii is the parent company of united kingdom which is the location of aids journal which is located in lippincott williams & wilkins . the leader of lippincott williams & wilkins is wolters kluwer .
