1089 tama temperature 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern provincial council is the governing body . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas , in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the
aaron bertram activeyearsstartyear 1998
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . white rice
fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) is a dance - pop andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) . he was a singer , reality television judge
aenir has a total of 233 pages . aenir written by garth nix is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
aaron boogaard club wichita thunder aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan
aaron hunt club vfl wolfsburg aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08 aaron hunt club sv werder bremen
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar . he plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax john van den brom played for the netherlands national football team .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is from indonesia .
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist head south by weaving alison odonnell is a folk music alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
barny cakes come from france , where claude bartolone
caterpillar inc . . is a key person at douglas r . oberhelman caterpillar inc . . which was founded in united states caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois aidaluna is owned by aida cruises aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist phil lesh and friends anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska , made with ice cream is from the us .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase is located in the al anbar province in iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 . the name of the runway at al asad airbase is 09r / 27l .
