aida cruises is the operating organisation of aidastella with aida cruises hq in germany .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in magistrate of aarhus which has to the school northwest mahe , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is french .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan which is led by national assembly and is the location of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , which is part of alabama , united states . here is home of african americans and the language of the united states is dubridge - 2 .
the chair of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 . the institute is affiliated with bridge - 1 which has headquarters in patient - 2 .
maryland is historic districts in the united states nearest city to 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on july 11st 1907 at monocacy national battlefield in maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is categorised as maryland , united states and is owned by patient - 6 .
aaron bertram is located in punk rock . aaron bertram is affiliated with suburban legends , which is based in brian robertson ( trombonist ) . the leader of suburban legends is kids imagine nation .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a traditional dish from indonesia .
angola , indiana is a dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana where english is it leader and asian americans is spoken .
the languages spoken in philippines are philippine spanish and arabic . batchoy is eaten there and philippines ethnic groups are zamboangans and chinese filipino .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
bakewell tart contains fruit and is a variation of bakewell pudding that originates from derbyshire dales in derbyshire .
the region is an ingredient of bionico , it that comes from the guadalajara region of mexico .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
english is spoken in great britain and united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from here which includes many asian americans .
buzz aldrin was glen ridge , new jersey who was born in essex county .
italy includes a dish which has chili pepper as an ingredient and arrabbiata sauce is called it .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
agra airport is an art museum in uttar pradesh , and is part of awadh .
