albany is part of united states
arros negre comes from catalonia
italian is the official language of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 which is located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella in the capital city of rome
fc spartak moscow ground otkrytiye arena aleksandr prudnikov club fc tom tomsk aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales , united states . alfred moore scales the battle of gettysburg the native americans are an ethnic group . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . alfred moore scales the siege of petersburg siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre
architect was the company populous . 3arena in dublin
canada is slavey language
the asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 and
germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich neptun werft which rostock rostock , germany a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
aaron turner instrument singing aaron turner is a avant - garde metal
250 delaware avenue and it has the postmodern style of architecture .
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) 101 helena escapevelocity 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) 101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
uruguay where the leader is raul fernando sendic rodriguez alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo montevideo , uruguay montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) uruguay and the language spoken is spanish .
107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08
aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella shipbeam 32 . 2 aidastella topspeed 38 . 892 aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alan martin ( footballer ) club motherwell f . c . alan martin ( footballer ) club accrington stanley f . c . accrington stanley f . c . ground accrington
adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
