jens hartel is fc sachsen leipzig .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge in united states , and falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 in adams county , pennsylvania . it is in pennsylvania .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . vila nova futebol clube are former champions of campeonato brasileiro serie c , and their are also in the same competition .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of atlantic city international airport .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . alan shepard had distinguished service medal awards . he died in it . smilodon is a fossil from nasa . distinguished service medal is higher than department of commerce gold medal .
anaheim , california has area codes 657 , 714 . it has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . anaheim , ca has a utc offset of minus 7 .
italy arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region .
birmingham born john madin designed 103 colmore row . andrew mitchell is one of the leaders in birmingham . birmingham has postal codes b postcode area .
amsterdam airport schiphol has 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alan bean is united states . he graduated from 1955 . he was a member of the apollo 12 crew . alan bean is retired . a test pilot alan bean was born march 15th 1932 in wheeler , texas .
hok sve designed 3arena , east link bridge .
abilene regional airport serves abilene
ataturk monument is located in turkey . it was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the leader of the turkish is ahmet davutoglu . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country , designed by pietro canonica , is made out of bronze .
stv broadcast bananaman starring jill shilling . steve bright created bananaman .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano .
blockbuster , mark desmond was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
united states is home to alpharetta , georgia and asian americans . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan at chinatown in san francisco in california .
