alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo but died in uruguay .
antioch , california has a utc offset of minus 7 . the population of antioch , ca is 102372 . antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . the area codes for it are 925 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan with runway 18r / 36l at 2900 . 0 long . it is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
walter baade was born in german empire and went on to attend university of gottingen .
akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is vietnamese people .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is pop music .
adam koc is poland . kashubians is an ethnic group in poland . polish language is spoken in it .
alpharetta , georgia is from united states , where washington dc is the capital and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron s . daggett won purple heart . it has fought in battle of fredericksburg . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
250 delaware avenue , united states , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
bakso is made of tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . bakso comes from indonesia and southeast asian countries .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 in tudor and jacobean , is located in sri lanka .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd 1856 .
aida cruises operate aidaluna .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th 1989 .
alan b . miller hall in williamsburg , virginia is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller is at 101 ukrop way and was completed on 1 june 2009 .

aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar it plays for fc spartak moscow .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in grenada .
