bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn . puerto rican ernie colon and bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is in the state of new york .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 .
above the veil , written by garth nix
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
written by brandon sanderson alcatraz versus the evil librarians and alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas potter county is in texas , in the united states . austin is the capital of texas .
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
alderney airport , is named 14 / 32 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen the architect of the ac hotel bella sky , copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3xn .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc
austin is part of texas houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin , texas , is part of hays county texas .
amatriciana sauce comes from the region of lazio , italy . guanciale
250 delaware avenue and it has the postmodern style of architecture .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . and was hired by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space
