silvano aureoles conejo leads mexico . the peso is the currency of mexico where bionico comes from .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , puerto rican .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves new jersey and is headquartered at four world trade center .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , where mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle was involved in libya in 1986 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
curitiba is in the south region .
united states is home to angola , indiana and asian americans . angola is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana .
' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' was followed by ` alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' which was authored by brandon sanderson .
potter county , texas is situated in the state of texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas english is spoken in them . amarillo is part of it .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid . harrietstown , new york is in united states . lake placid , new york is part of new york . saranac lake , new york , lake is served by it .
barack obama is the president of united states which is home to a wizard of mars and also asian americans .
alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is marriott international . its ' s architect was 3xn firm .

san marcos is the county seat of hays county , texas . austin is in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . austin is part of it .
lazio ' s regional amatriciana sauce includes guanciale . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
250 delaware avenue has a total floor area .
alan bean was born in united states of wheeler , texas . alan bean , hired by nasa in 1963 , spent over 100305 minutes in space .
