asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra .
anaheim , california is led by the california state assembly . anaheim is part of california . the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol . california speak spanish language
romania ' s capital bucharest
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
the icao location identifier utaa ashgabat international airport
which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california who was born in new hampshire , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar . he plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax john van den brom played for the netherlands national football team .
albany is part of united states
airport is 210 is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstow , essex county . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
william anders is now retired . william anders graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force al asad airbase has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
fulton county , georgia , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
sara miller mccune founded sage publications . administrative science quarterly has the issn number of 0001 - 8392 . administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
baku the capital of azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti
elliot see died in st . louis
bacon explosion comes from the united states bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
marriott international which was founded in washington dc . hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . marriott international is the tenant of ac greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark .
