` ` abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ' ' is the abbreviation for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg which has the lccn number 32024459 and can be located using issn number 1865 - 8784 .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa and has a 3990 . 0 meters long airway called 08 / 26 .
rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago ( part of cook county , united states ) where 300 north lasalle is located .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish can be found in catalonia , spain .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom .
port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport , where the runway name is 4 / 22 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
the inhabitants of india are known as indians .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated to soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . the institute has dr . g . p . prabhukumar postgraduate students and acharya institute is located at in 700 .
english is the language of aenir .
jusuf kalla is indonesia leader of it , where language is spoken and the country currency is indonesian rupiah . javanese arem - arem is a commonly served in indonesia .
batagor , a variant of siomay and shumai , contains shiitake and originates from indonesia .
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . the dish can be found in guadalajara , mexico .
alexandria is located in madison county , indiana , which is part of anderson , indiana and is led by united states .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is s . s . chieti calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . licata 1931 club .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , they speak spanish there and eat a food called bionico . it is served as sandesh and honey can be used as a variation of mexico .
auburn is located in washington state , where the capital is olympia and the leader is united states .
300 north lasalle is located at chicago .
albany , georgia is from united states , where the language is native americans and one of the ethnic groups are english .
