1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital city is klaus iohannis and the capital is bucharest .
washington dc is the capital of united states a country where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . also where ' ' a wizard of mars originates from .
alan shepard , who was born in 13017 minutes , was awarded new hampshire which ranks higher than the navy .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia .
agra airport is in india and is operated by the indian air force . agra airport has two type of identifiers , agra airport ata location identifier is iata and it icao location identifier is viag .
arlington is located in texas , english . united states is the leader of texas .
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for it in iraq . usaf aircraft carriers has a runway with 3990 . 0 , and a runway with the name , 08 / 26 .
luciano spalletti is in the udinese calcio club , is manager of a . s . roma and is affiliated with the empoli f . c . club .
some random facts about united states : part language spoken the united states is mainly english , barack obama was it previous president , and part ' ' a wizard of mars was written it .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states , newark , new jersey . its ' s capital is patient - 4 , patient - 4 leader is native americans and newark ethnic group there are the native americans .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a traditional dish from singapore .
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus , and giroux .
albany , georgia is located in united states wthe united states african americans is here american and african american title is americans . the united states official language of bridge - 1 is leader .
albany , georgia is located in asian americans , where americans is the leader , united states is the location of albany , georgia . here is led by asian americans , and georgia .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena , massimo drago club is u . s castrovillari calcio and him is affiliated with the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club .
italy capital of it is rome and is where italians are from and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . italy leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
albany , oregon is from united states , where benton county , oregon is the united states leader and washington dc is an ethnic group .
