artur rasizade , is in azerbaijan which has the national assembly as its legislature
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
asian americans are an ethnic group is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . it has the lccn number 83646315 discipline the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
acharya institute of technology . its president is b . m . reddy .
1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab .
hall is owned by the college of william and mary , and
anaheim is part of california . the california state senate leads anaheim , california . the california state senate is located in the california state capitol .
is in verona , italy . ac chievo verona and has 39371 members .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin in 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 sc . d . which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league
bionico is a mexican dessert bionico comes from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient of bionico .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman william anders is now retired .
a severed wasp was assigned the oclc number 8805735 . a severed wasp has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where faroese language margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott international , founded in washington , d . c . , is the tenant of the ac
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit
indian air force the hal light combat helicopter agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik and the airport is operated by the indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states where english is the language .
