1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania ( bucharest ) . the leader is the leader of romania .
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states where the capital city is washington dc and a wizard of mars was written .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , a state where one can find the navy . alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space .
arros negre comes from catalonia .
agra airport is in india and has iata . viag is the icao location identifier of agra airport . agra airport is operated by the indian air force .
texas was published in united states in english . houston is the largest city in texas . arlington is part of them .
al asad airbase is located in iraq with runway 08 / 26 at 3990 . 0 long . air force is operated by al asad airbase .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio while managing a . s . roma .
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain . barack obama is a leader in here .
ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
new jersey comes from united states which has the capital city of trenton and the ethnic group of native americans . newark is the largest city of n . j . . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it .
singapore beef kway teow includes palm sugar .
rolando maran is fc bari 1908 .
macmillan publishers owns farrar , straus , and giroux .
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of here . americans live in the united states it is led by leader . african americans are an ethnic group within it .
albany , georgia is in united states . albany in georgia is part of georgia . americans live in here it is led by leader . asian americans are an ethnic group within it .
asian americans live in united states .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 while managing a . c . cesena .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . italians are from italy .
albany , oregon was published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc . albany is in benton county , oregon .
