alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in english .
anaheim , california is part of california it is led by united states house of representatives .
antioch , california has a utc offset of minus 7 . the population of antioch , ca is 102372 . antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km . the area codes for it are 925 .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
adare manor was designed by george richard pain and completed in 1862 .
asilomar conference grounds , located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california , was added to national of historic places february 27th 1987 and has reference number : 87000823 .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas . arlington is in tarrant county , texas . spanish is spoken in texas . arlington is part of them . houston is the largest city in texas .
a fortress of grey ice comes from united states where the capital is washington dc
bacon explosion is from united states where barack obama is the president and there are many white americans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . austin is the capital of texas .
number 18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
alan bean was born march 15th 1932 . alan bean is retired .
potter county , texas is in texas . texas is located in united states , washington dc and the language is english . amarillo is located in potter county which is in texas .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews .
batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of siomay .
byron brown leads buffalo , new york .
pakistan is led by sardar ayaz sadiq .
1634 the ram rebellion is located in the country of united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama . americans live in here . african americans live in it .
