amarillo is part of texas . amarillo , texas , united states .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . the leader of greece is alexis tsipras . greek is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres )
bangalore , karnataka in india . the institute has 700 postgraduate students and and is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 . . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
alvis speed 25 transmission ` ` single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox change all - silent and all - syncromesh lever , open centre , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky was created by dan mishkin was created by gary cohn
united states air force bombing of libya in 1986 .
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa in ethiopia .
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge manufacturer dodge 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge wheelbase 120 . 0 ( inches )
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore
aenir is english language
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder . he was a songwriter ace wilder was born in stockholm ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 floors alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alison odonnell is a jazz jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison odonnell instrument autoharp jazz stylisticorigin folk music
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is a alternative rock alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
