gus poyet is manager of aek athens fc and his club is real zaragoza . the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) in marousi . gus poyet played for chelsea f . c .
akeem adams and trinidad and tobago national football team akeem adams club t & tec sports club
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico albert jennings fountain was born in new york city
300 north lasalle is located in chicago
aleksandr chumakov died in russia russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko aleksandr chumakov club fc torpedo moscow aleksandr chumakov and soviet union national football team fc torpedo moscow manager valery petrakov
united states anthem the star - spangled banner
auburn is part of washington state . olympia is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington state is located within the united states .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the derbyshire dales region . . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alfa romeo 164 assembly arese
amc matador is also known as american motors matador
bhajji originates from india , where t . s . thakur and
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township which is part of new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11
antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 01 - 09 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf
al kharaitiyat sc position qatar stars league
adam holloway the gulf war adam holloway was born in kent adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , which has the capital washington dc
