aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov club fc kuban krasnodar aleksandr prudnikov club fc alania vladikavkaz
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio and has played for chelsea fc . christian panucci was attached to the real madrid cf club .
aida cruises is located in germany costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation & plc aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya abdul taib mahmud and lives in the kuching abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21
united states where barack obama is a leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
ethiopia is malatu teshome .
abel hernandez club penarol abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol hull city a . f . c . manager steve bruce abel hernandez club hull city a . f . c .
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards adam holloway . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 buzz aldrin is now retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 which was organized by nasa . william anders was a back up pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
germany the germans
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap
the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum leads iraq where al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin elliot see died in st . louis where francis g slay is the mayor .
abner w . sibal the world war ii world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin
orange county , california , united states .
bionico is a food found in mexico the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant . it is
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) function medium expendable launch system
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya
