amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and it is 2014 . 0 in length .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains hogao . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
banyumasan people people are from java .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here . english is spoken in great britain .
american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is about math .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium . brussels is the capital of belgium . philippe is the leader of belgium . charles michel is the leader of it .
michele marcolini manages ac lumezzane and plays for fc bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . italian ' s leader is pietro grasso . ac lumezzane ground is in italy .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .
randall county is the location of amarillo , texas .
beef kway teow is located in the region of indonesia of singapore , which is lead by tony tan .
andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
george winckler is located in united states 320 south boston building was designed by the architect and has 22 floors .
big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred scott adsit and was baymax ' s first film appearance .
asam pedas is malay peninsula made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from malaysia .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the people are called tejano . austin is the capital of texas .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . federal helps to lead switzerland . the dean of it is mario botta . it has a staff of 100 and six hundred students . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 300 floors floors covering 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
new jersey in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . washington dc is the capital of here . new york city is the largest city in the united states .
united states has an ethnic group called asian americans and is the home of a wizard of mars .
