romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c .
the purple finch is a new hampshire bird . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
arros negre comes from catalonia
agra airport is located in india is operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
english is spoken in texas . arlington is part of texas , in the united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the united states air force . the runway name of al asad airbase is 08 / 26 .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . . english is spoken in the united states and great britain . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport 11 / 29
the native americans are an ethnic group . the largest city in new jersey is newark . new jersey trenton , new jersey is the capital of atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . new jersey is in the united states .
palm sugar beef kway teow is singapore
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux
united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . albany , georgia is in the united states . albany is part of united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of the state of georgia . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
italians inhabit italy , where the capital is rome . it amatriciana sauce sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where the leader is laura boldrini .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
