ferencvarosi tc manager thomas doll united petrotrin f . c . ground palo seco velodrome akeem adams club ferencvarosi tc ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov akeem adams and united petrotrin f . c . (id1780)
asian americans are an ethnic group is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id509)
is an ingredient of the dessert baked alaska . cookies are also a type of dessert . sponge cake (id555)
acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology . the school offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id737)
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . bibbo and was created by jerry ordway . (id368)
and ernie colon bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn . (id593)
jens hartel , the manager of fc magdeburg also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig , sv germania schoneiche (id436)
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is from italy where pietro grasso is the leader . (id575)
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas . it comes from the region of sumatra and the malay peninsula . (id844)
alfred garth jones was born in england alfred garth jones birthyear 1872 (id1297)
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003 (id1691)
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id564)
asam pedas is indonesia the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id256)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road (id391)
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin on 20 january 1930 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . (id875)
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan james craig watson stateoforigin canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin james craig watson deathcause peritonitis (id1783)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island albert jennings fountain died in united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id1404)
awh engineering college is located in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai . college was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india . (id948)
. bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake . (id282)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id820)
