anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . . english is the language spoken in the united states and the capital city is washington dc .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region . is a dessert containing honey
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , sri jayawardenepura kotte where the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is considered fantasy literature .
1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae . the airport ' s runway has a length of 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney
, whose capital is rome . pietro grasso is the leader of the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
awh engineering college is located in india . india ' s largest city is mumbai . college was established in 2001 . the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . the ganges river is also found in india .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient in
springer science & business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg . julius springer is the founder of springer science and business media .
aek athens ' s ground is in greece aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk
1 decembrie 1918 university in the state of alba
and has 34 floors which cover an area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
in wisconsin , united states .
carroll county maryland is to the southeast .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
afc ajax is based in amsterdam . amsterdam - noord of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader
the american journal of mathematics was published by johns hopkins university . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo , new york , and it has the postmodern style of architecture . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
