101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson . he graduated from university of michigan 101 helena discovered 1868 - 08 - 15 james craig watson , canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin
aleksander barkov , jr . . draftteam florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 aleksander barkov , jr . . was born in tampere , finland
the native americans are an ethnic group .
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
detroit the largest city michigan
alan bean is an american
atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory albert jennings fountain died in united states albert jennings fountain was born in new york albert jennings fountain was born in staten island
ariane 5 manufacturer arianespace ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
abner w . sibal workedas ) office ( workedat , member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens
alpharetta , is in georgia , in the united states . alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
tarrant county , texas is the largest city fort worth , texas
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance
airey neave the battle of france airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04
101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel , who is part of the sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records alligator records is a blues alligator records is located in chicago anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of general dynamics american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama auburn , alabama is in the united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama asian americans are an ethnic group .
