the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for both chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c . whose ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool council is the labour party ( uk ) .
the leader of atlanta is the kasim reed
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township which is part of new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
austin is part of texas where the spoken language is english . austin is part of williamson county , texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528
the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum leads iraq where al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and antonis milionis is chairman of , is in the league epsth 2nd group and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . white rice
the acta palaeontologica polonica has a lccn number of 60040714 . paleobiology is the academic discipine of acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) which has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
. bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas .
bill oddie was born in lancashire
the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany , oregon is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of linn county , oregon .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges river is also found in india .
above the veil is 248 pages long . above the veil , by garth nix , is available in hardcover .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana sweet potato is of the order solanales .
sri lanka is lead by ranil wickremesinghe and has the ampara hospital in an ampara district in the eastern province the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka is austin fernando .
gemstone is benitoite .
in italy . arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper
