birmingham , which has the b postcode is a leader in birmingham where the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born . labour party ( uk ) (id614)
which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . california ' s senator was dianne feinstein and , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal . (id731)
. buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . (id139)
anderson , indiana , is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the total area of anderson , indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres . (id800)
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg issn number 0025 - 5858 (id81)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id820)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id653)
meride (id134)
rome is the capital of italy whose leader is matteo renzi . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy . (id864)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate (id163)
where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in the united states . (id815)
english is the language of the united states . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id511)
full name is association football club blackpool . (id102)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . albany is part of united states (id243)
indiana and the capital is indianapolis alexandria is part of indiana . indiana is the united states . the language in indiana is american english . alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county . (id809)
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway 3300 . 0 (id299)
antwerp international airport , which is 12 metres above sea level (id17)
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . . (id329)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca (id452)
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . (id125)
