battle of antietam was commanded by robert e . lee (id1013)
the leader of the united states is barack obama . a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group . a severed wasp is from the united states . (id790)
sbct airport ' s icao location identifier . (id4)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut (id1004)
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones has the oclc number 51969173 and is available in hardcover . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 . (id706)
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina (id1408)
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison odonnell is a folk music of ireland (id1472)
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster . county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council . (id602)
harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and saranac lake , new york . (id903)
english is spoken in great britain and is the language used in 1634 : the ram rebellion . and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . (id406)
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens adonis georgiadis was born in greece adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id1716)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id958)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom (id1516)
united states is barack obama (id187)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id253)
gemstone is benitoite . (id143)
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups where the population are known as americans . (id1498)
european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . (id831)
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis (id1329)
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac is a pop music (id1463)
