auburn has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
the native name of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
batagor is a variant of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai . batagor originates from joko widodo led indonesia .
elliot see , who graduated in university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 , spent st . louis in space .
spanish is the language of california .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the soldiers .
bacon explosion originates from united states part capital of it is washington dc which has barack obama as one of the united states leaders and asian americans as one of part ethnic groups .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania of it , the capital of which is bucharest . its ' s leader ( who has klaus iohannis ) is andrew the apostle . the national anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! and romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania .
the country of a wizard of mars is united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the inhabitants of denmark are known as danes .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in magistrate of aarhus which has to the school northwest mahe , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
arlington has a runway length of 184 . 0 and is located in 258 . 2 sqk .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
hok sve were the architects of 3arena on north wall quay which was completed in december 2008 .
lake placid , and the city of saranac lake , ( both in new york ) are served by adirondack regional airport . adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 2003 . 0 metres .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , and died in california . alan shepard graduated from department of commerce gold medal with a ma in it . united states was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than nasa . he died in patient - 5 .
colombian cuisine includes a dish which has chicharron as an ingredient and bandeja paisa is called it .
felipe vi is catalonia of spain , a country where the leader is spaniards . arros negre is from the catalonia region in the country . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india . the region is led by vajubhai vala . t s thakur is the head of state of indians .
az alkmaar played in 2014 - - 15 eredivisie .
