silvano aureoles conejo is mexico leader of it where it currency is the peso and bionico is a traditional dish . (id574)
bolt is a comic character otherwise know as larry bolatinsky . bolt was created by gary cohn and ernie colon ( national of puerto rican ) . (id702)
cornell university ( of new york ) is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is also affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities . (id423)
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center . (id529)
al asad airbase is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . an aircraft there is mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle . usaf aircraft carriers fought in libya in 1986 . (id517)
above the veil was written by garth nix . (id82)
11th mississippi infantry monument in united states , pennsylvania was established in contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as contributing property . (id620)
curitiba is part of the south region . (id26)
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from united states , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , asian americans are the ethnic group of the united states . (id490)
' ' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' ' was followed by ' ' alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones ' ' the author of which is brandon sanderson . (id347)
amarillo is in potter county is , where english is spoken . united states is the capital of texas . (id799)
adirondack regional airport serves new york the city of saranac lake and lake placid in the city united states . aranac harrietstown , new york , united states is the city of harrietstown , new york . (id903)
' ' a wizard of mars is from united states , where barack obama is the leader . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id433)
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 . (id8)
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in 3xn firm which is owned by it and has 23 floors . (id601)
the founder of bananaman is bbc . (id148)
austin is located in hays county , texas , which is part of houston . the airport is operated by hays county , texas . (id640)
guanciale is one of lazio ingredients of amatriciana sauce . this is a traditional dish from lazio and is part of italy . (id540)
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a total floor area . (id45)
alan bean is a national of united states . here was born in 100305 minutes . the us was wheeler , texas and was selected by 1963 in it . (id724)
