baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan which is headed by artur rasizade . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
barack obama leads united states . albuquerque , new mexico is from here where asian americans are an ethnic group .
united states is home to akron , ohio and asian americans . akron is part of summit county , ohio .
lee county is in the state of alabama , united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . washington dc is the capital of here . auburn , alabama is part of it .
acta mathematica hungarica , acta math . hungar . , is focused on math and has the issn number 0236 - 5294 . hungar and has the lccn number 83646315 .
b m reddy is president of acharya institute of technology .
1 decembrie 1918 university is known as uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
anaheim , california is part of california california state capitol is the leader of california state senate in which it is located .
a . c . chievo verona in verona , italy has 39371 members .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and went on to attend a fighter pilot . a member crewed apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as the backup pilot . he was born on january 20th 1930 .
azal pfk is in azerbaijan premier league .
bionico is dessert which contains granola . bionico comes from mexico and jalisco .
william anders is retired . apollo 8 crew members included frank borman . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of it . william anders was part of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he graduated from afit in 1962 .
' a severed wasp ' has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and oclc number 8805735 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc faroese is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii is the leader of the country . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , bundelkhand , whose leader is ram naik . india ' s air force has a helicopter known as hal light combat helicopter and also operates agra airport .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where they speak english and asian americans live . barack obama is the leader of here .
