the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has area codes 404 .
buzz aldrin is united states . nasa ' s apollo 11 crew included a member . a member , fighter pilot , was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
washington dc is the capital of united states where washington state is located . auburn is in washington state .
amarillo in united states it is part of texas .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from united states where one of the ethnic groups are african americans is known as leader .
baked alaska is from new york , united states . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
athens international airport in spata is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with european university association . the city of the city is governed by magistrate . the headquarters of the school is in brussels . mols is to the northeast of it .
allama iqbal international airport is located in lahore , pakistan , whose leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
afc blackpool is blackpool .
bhajji located in india whose leaders are t s thakur and sumitra mahajan . indians are from india . bhajji comes from karnataka .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark , which has 23 floors , is marriott international .
native americans are an ethnic group in united states albany , georgia is in it .
afc fylde in lancashire has 3180 members .
antioquia department is from colombia . lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . lemon from the order of rosids are in bandeja paisa recipes . it is from the an ingredient region .
ataturk monument is located in turkey , where the leader is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is turkish lira . istanbul is the largest city in it . ankara is the capital of turkey . the country was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . the monument is made from bronze .
aids ( journal ) was published by lippincott williams & wilkins , a subsidiary of wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom where the journal is located .
