akeem adams is located in palo seco velodrome town of united petrotrin f . c . , where palo seco velodrome leader of palo seco velodrome council is gabor kubatov ( uk ) . the manager of akeem adams is ferencvarosi tc who has previously played football for palo seco velodrome and thomas doll . (id1780)
barack obama , president of united states is asian americans , which is one of the ethnic groups of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico was published in here . (id509)
sponge cake is an ingredient of dessert called baked alaska . cookies is also a type of dessert . (id555)
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . acharya institute is affiliated with tennis which was founded in all india council . (id737)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id368)
bolt is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn . (id593)
the first club jens hartel played for was fc lokomotive leipzig , he is part of the sv germania schoneiche club and , manages 1 fc magdeburg . (id436)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of italy , where the capital is rome and a key leader is pietro grasso . (id575)
malaysian malay of malaysia is kuala lumpur , and two ethnic groups include malaysian chinese and malay . asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula . (id844)
alfred garth jones born in england , was awarded the ' ' 1872 ' ' . (id1297)
andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in kaiser chiefs . andrew white ( musician ) is affiliated with marry banilow and it . (id1691)
the leader of singapore is tony tan , the region of singapore ' s also where beef kway teow is from . beef kway teow is also found in indonesia . (id564)
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a food found in indonesia . (id256)
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat , and it has the lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road style of architecture . (id391)
buzz aldrin is united states who was born on fighter pilot in glen ridge , new jersey . here is now january 20th 1930 but was a member of part apollo 11 crew , . (id875)
peritonitis was appointed as the president of james craig watson , that is affiliated to university of michigan and will compete in madison , wisconsin . the mascot of the university of texas is called canada and 101 helena is a m . (id1783)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island as a united states national where african americans is the leader . (id1404)
patient - 5 flows through india where the largest city is mumbai and awh engineering college is located in the city of ganges in the state of kerala . kerala is lead by kochi and 2001 . (id948)
bionico and dessert are related and cake can be used as a variation in a dessert . (id282)
angola , indiana is a traditional dish from asian americans , united states . americans is the language spoken in the united states , where steuben county , indiana is the leader and it is spoken . english are an ethnic group in here . (id820)
