' a severed wasp ' is written in english , the language originated in great britain .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , and it has the tudor revival style of architecture .
acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education , an award based in mumbai .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 , and is considered contributing property . united states is located in united states municipality of gettysburg , in seminary ridge , the us .
the city of a staff compliment in ticino , switzerland is the location of accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has mario botta students and an academic staff size of ticino .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and / or pietro grasso .
abilene , texas is served by abilene regional airport which is at an elevation of 546m from sea level . 2194 . 0 has a runway length of 2194 . 0 metres and abilene , texas has the runway name , 17l / 35r .
arlington is in texas , which is part of united states .
adare manor is located in county limerick in munster .
the main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in philippines , are noodles , noodles , noodles organs , noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
the first club massimo drago played for was a . s . d . licata 1931 , he is part of the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and , manages a . c . cesena .
akron , ohio originates from united states , where the official language is english .
allama iqbal international airport is found in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
anaheim , california is located in california state assembly , in california , where the leader is california state capitol . the leader of nasa is chinese .
1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above wilson township , alpena county , michigan . 1 / 19 also has runway length of 2744 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in wilson township , alpena county , michigan .
azal arena is located at baku .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio
native americans comprise one of united states ethnic groups of part wbridge - 2 a loyal character dancer was published and written in english , a language which is also spoken in great britain .
chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken , which in turn is the main ingredient in ayam penyet . this dish comes from both malaysia and singapore and java ( where the ethnic people are the javanese ) .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which hails from singapore but the countries of indonesia claim to have invented sesame oil .
