united states is barack obama , the capital city is washington d . c . , the native americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio , united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
baked alaska and cookies are considered desserts . african americans are an ethnic group . baked alaska is from the united states
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . apollo 14 operated by nasa , was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . it . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bionico is a food found in mexico a dessert called the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . bionico comes from the guadalajara sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn is part of king county , washington .
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was an apollo 8 backup pilot . apollo 8 mission operated by nasa and frank borman
the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) . john madin from birmingham was the architect of 103 colmore row .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region it is colombian cuisine hogao is an ingredient of bandeja paisa .
baked alaska is from france where the leader is manuel valls where french is the spoken language and gerard larcher is the leader . baked alaska comes from hong kong
english is the language of the united states . albany , georgia is in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group .
american peter laird
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci . a . s . livorno calcio . they play in the serie b league of which carpi fc 1909 are the champions .
novel castle is english language
barny cakes is from france where the leader is gerard larcher where french is spoken and francois hollande is the leader . barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
asser levy public baths located in new york city , new york in the united states . the leader of manhattan gale brewer manhattan is part of new york city .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
