artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan which is led by national assembly and is the location of granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of akita musuem of art in akita , akita , akita prefecture .
barack obama , president of united states is asian americans , which is one of the ethnic groups of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico was published in here .
akron , ohio is a traditional dish from summit county , ohio and is also found in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . here ( leader is alabama and the language spoken is native americans .
83646315 is the lccn number for acta mathematica hungarica and the issn number is 0236 - 5294 . 83646315 bbreviation is ' ' acta math . hungar . ' ' and math discipline is it .
b m reddy was appointed as the president of acharya institute of technology .
1 decembrie 1918 university ( alba ) is affiliated with uab and was established in alba .
college of william & mary is the owner of alan b miller hall .
anaheim , california is located in california state senate , which is part of california state capitol , california .
the ground of a . c . chievo verona is called verona , italy and has the capacity for a crowd of 39371 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20th of january 1930 . william anders graduated from 1963 from mit and was a crew member on william anders apollo 11 .
azal pfk is in the league , azerbaijan premier league .
bionico originates from jalisco in mexico . bionico is dessert and requires granola as one of bionico ingredients .
william anders graduated with afit in 1962 from it . nasa then went on to become buzz aldrin of apollo 8 crew along with frank borman .
' a severed wasp ' has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark is marriott international which was founded in washington dc . one of the languages in denmark is faroese and the leader of the country is margrethe ii of denmark .
the first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
hal light combat helicopter is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
' a severed wasp ' is from united states where the leader is called barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
