rome is the capital of italy whose leader is matteo renzi . amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the leader is laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy .
appleton international airport has a runway length of 2439 . 0
michigan , united states .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , the government of addis ababa is the current tenants of the addis ababa city hall began construction in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 metres .
alessio romagnoli club a . c . milan a . c . milan manager sinisa mihajlovic alessio romagnoli and italy national under - 16 football team
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county in texas is fort worth . tarrant county , texas , united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives
alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik alison odonnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison odonnell is a folk music alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
hall is owned by the college of william and mary , and
caterpillar inc . . is located in peoria , illinois
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where english is the language and where the akron , ohio , united states .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln
alison odonnell activeyearsstartyear in 1963
. kerala has mahe , india to its northwest
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is a trance music
written by eric flint , 1634 : the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazettes
1036 ganymed averagespeed 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds )
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
aleksandr prudnikov club fc spartak moscow aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandr prudnikov club fc rubin kazan
