ferencvarosi tc manages akeem adams and plays for thomas doll and united petrotrin f . c . . gabor kubatov is chairman of it . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome . (id1780)
barack obama leads united states . albuquerque , new mexico is from here where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id509)
baked alaska is dessert which contains sponge cake . cookies is dessert . (id555)
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by it . acharya institute offers sports including tennis . the location is the governing body of tennis . (id737)
bibbo bibbowski created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway . (id368)
bolt , larry bolatinsky was created by gary cohn and ernie colon . (id593)
jens hartel plays for fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche while managing 1 fc magdeburg . (id436)
pietro grasso leads italy . rome is the capital of italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment . (id575)
asam pedas is from sumatra and malay peninsula . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia where the capital city is kuala lumpur and asam pedas was written . (id844)
alfred garth jones was born in england . (id1297)
 (id1691)
beef kway teow is located in the region of indonesia of singapore , which is lead by tony tan . (id564)
asam pedas from indonesia is made with fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . (id256)
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat . (id391)
united states buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . glen ridge born a member was fighter pilot on apollo 11 . (id875)
james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson graduated from university of michigan . (id1783)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group from here . (id1404)
awh engineering college is in the state of kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . awh engineering college was established on 2001 and is in the country . (id948)
cake is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is bionico . (id282)
angola , indiana comes from united states where the language is english and asian americans live . americans live in here angola indians is part of steuben county . (id820)
