eric flint was born in burbank , california .
barny cakes located in france whose leaders are manuel valls and claude bartolone .
11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and was established in 2000 .
alan bean is from the united states . alan bean is a crew member and member of apollo 12 ' s crew . its ' s backup pilot was alfred worden . apollo 12 was commanded by david scott . it was operated by nasa . he was born in wheeler , texas .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who worked at a . s . roma .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
government of addis ababa is the current tenants of addis ababa city hall . it was built in 1961 . building , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
ethnic groups are a group in sumatra .
lee county is in alabama . alabama is from united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
asilomar conference grounds constructed in 1913 are located in pacific grove , california and were added to the national register of historic places on february 27th 1987 with 87000823 .
afc blackpool is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc . blackpool ' s leader is conservative party ( uk ) . their ground ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in the country where the capital is rome , the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella . italy is inhabited by italians .
akron , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
ankara is turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey , where ataturk monument is located .
300 north lasalle are 300 floors floors at chicago .
arrabbiata sauce is from rome , italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
batchoy comes from philippines , where the language used is arabic and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines .
albany , georgia has area codes 229 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
