american journal of mathematics , the academic discipline mathematics (id90)
gubbio is from the umbria a . s . gubbio 1910 is in (id327)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . and there is an ethnic group called asian americans . they speak english , same as in great britain . a severed wasp is from the united states . (id791)
graeme garden stars in bananaman . bananaman broadcast by stv . (id362)
. the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id39)
asam pedas is malaysia malaysian malay abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . one of the ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id847)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is part of the central denmark region in margrethe ii led denmark . the faroese language is spoken in denmark . (id883)
sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin bacon sandwich . (id260)
. haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . (id696)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id834)
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f . c . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for the el salvador national football team . (id439)
batagor leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla . shumai contains shiitake ) , shumai , and siomay (id856)
akron , ohio in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group african americans (id227)
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . its author is qiu xiaolong and has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . (id412)
akita museum of art is located in japan , akita prefecture and vietnamese people are an ethnic group akita museum of art is located in akita , akita (id605)
adolfo suarez madrid - - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas (id2)
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 . (id307)
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . fountain county is in indiana , in the united states . attica is part of fountain county , indiana (id505)
alpharetta , georgia is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . fulton county , georgia the largest city atlanta alpharetta is part of the u . s . state , georgia . alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia . (id796)
american april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird (id360)
