200 public square is located in cleveland and was completed in 1985 . cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . (id908)
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and fullname is acf fiorentina s . p . a . (id321)
the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of london . 20 fenchurch street is located within the united kingdom , the capital of london elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . (id618)
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has three floors . the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori (id916)
and 814 rooms , and (id49)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore (id194)
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities . elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university . cornell university is in ithaca , new york (id784)
the language spoken is spanish . spain ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain where susana diaz is the leader . the spaniards are an ethnic group in the country . (id870)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas in the state of texas amarillo , texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas . (id630)
. it has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . the name of the runway is 10r / 28l (id512)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id958)
batchoy , philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and pork batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city . (id765)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . its dean is thomas pallesen school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16 , 000 students of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has the latin name universitas aarhusiensis . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id960)
batagor fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce (id203)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . ayam penyet is from indonesia . (id547)
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . comes from the united states (id425)
bo bibbowski is often called (id151)
county limerick munster . (id62)
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 (id297)
atlanta is the capital of the u . s . state of georgia . albany is part of the state of georgia . albany is part of dougherty county in georgia . (id500)
