akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita , akita in japan , where the ethnic group is many brazilians . (id606)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . mumbai is its ' s largest city . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is a river in india . (id833)
newark is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of it . atlantic city in united states . (id495)
antioch , california has area codes 925 . (id168)
allen forrest is pop music . its ' s birthplace is dothan , alabama . (id1476)
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is where agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play . campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the league . (id668)
blt sandwich is a variation of club sandwich and bacon sandwiches . lettuce is an ingredient in blt . (id548)
steven t seagle created baymax . (id366)
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . he was united states . (id881)
 (id1427)
batagor is shumai . (id202)
arros negre comes from spain where the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group . carles puigdemont is the leader in catalonia where region comes from . (id863)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id185)
a loyal character dancer , published in united states was written in english , which is spoken in great britain . native americans live in here . (id708)
costa crociere owns aidastella . it is operated by aida cruises . costa crociere is located in genoa . (id1648)
hull city a . f . c . , steve bruce , now a manager of abel hernandez , played for uruguay olympic football team . (id1561)
bacon sandwiches is also known as rasher sandwich and contains condiments . brown sauce is the main ingredient of bacon , found in united kingdom . (id753)
alan frew , born in coatbridge , was musician . (id1833)
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac is pop music . (id1670)
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . it is based in new douglas park . (id1263)
