akita museum of art , japan . the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group found in the country . (id389)
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where the leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan . (id608)
the runway name of adolfo 18l / 36r (id3)
english is the language of the united states . president joe biden leads the united states which is the location of 250 delaware avenue . (id619)
a severed wasp . a severed wasp is written in english ( also spoken in great britain ) . united states (id414)
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky was created by dan mishkin was created by gary cohn (id592)
born in san francisco , julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum hearst castle asilomar state beach . (id923)
red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti azerbaijan where artur rasizade is leader , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is (id930)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . (id72)
beef kway teow is a dish found in singapore and indonesia . halimah yacob is also a leader of singapore . standard chinese is a language spoken is spoken in singapore . (id768)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana angola , indiana is in the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . the total area of angola , indiana , is 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id633)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji (id206)
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . he plays for fc admira wacker modling and is the manager of 1 fc koln . peter stoger who plays for fk austria wien . (id672)
in the salvadoran primera division (id101)
beef kway teow originates from singapore . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia . (id565)
, has a runway length of 597 . 0 and is made poaceae (id302)
the united states air force operates the al asad airbase and previously fought in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircrafts . the usaf . the transport plane the lockheed ac - operation enduring freedom . (id889)
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , has been manager of ac lumezzane , owns torino f . c . plays for a . c . chievo verona . (id656)
leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla arem - arem (id251)
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force . (id38)
