amarillo is located in united states , texas .
athens international airport serves athens in greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the people there are called greek .
atlantic city , new jersey has 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre postgraduate students and the oclc number is it .
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , 700 , india . technology of india was established in karnataka and acharya institute of technology has soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - - 560090 postgraduate students .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in denmark in 1928 , aarhus .
alvis speed 25 ( single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle introduction ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 in it .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in bridge - 2 , niger state . abdulsalami abubakar was awarded bridge - 1 , which is higher than chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
' ' larry bolatinsky ' ' is also known as bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
al asad airbase was involved in battles at libya in 1986 .
alfred n . phillips was born in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district and is affiliated with bridge - 1 in albert e . austin . alfred n . phillips was competed in connecticut by member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticuts 4th district .
addis ababa is located in ethiopia . the current leader in it is hailemariam desalegn also addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia ethiopia .
1955 dodge is affiliated to bridge - 1 based in dodge . 1955 dodge has v8 engine postgraduate students and is affiliated with bridge - 1 , in the city of dodge .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore .
english is the language of aenir .
the chair of john f . kennedy is dwight d . eisenhower .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has aston martin virage postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin .
ace wilder was born in july 23rd 1982 on songwriter and died in it . ace wilder studied at solo singer .
alco rs - 3 is affiliated with bridge - 1 which is headquartered in v12 engine . the school is affiliated with american locomotive company and has 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) as southeast .
alison odonnell is located in autoharp , and is affiliated with jazz headquartered in funk . jazz is to funk east of afrobeat .
andrew white ( musician ) is located in new wave music , alternative rock . alternative rock has nu metal to alternative rock northeast and new wave music to alternative rock west .
