addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia (id386)
bandeja paisa main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon is from the paisa region columbian bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , hogao . (id762)
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine alvis car and engineering company successor rover company (id1635)
pacific grove , california is part of california . (id70)
canada anthem o canada canada where elizabeth ii is the leader . canada is slavey language aaron boogaard was born in canada (id1589)
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is in the family of apiaceae . (id267)
asian americans are an ethnic group . albany is part of benton county in oregon . albany , oregon , united states . (id508)
adisham hall in haputale , sri lanka has the tudor revival architectural style . (id387)
turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it ' s capital city is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . bronze turkey . the turkish currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey . (id951)
acura tlx assembly marysville , ohio acura tlx is in the mid - size car acura tlx layout front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive acura tlx engine honda k engine (id1626)
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . . english is the language spoken in the united states and the capital city is washington dc . (id849)
peanut sauce siomay (id220)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin . he graduated from mit scd in 1963 and was a crew member of apollo 11 . buzz aldrin is now retired . (id727)
airport is operated by infraero . located in brasilia . (id308)
. adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster . (id395)
ace wilder is a hip hop music hip hop music stylisticorigin disco (id1287)
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) and has a length of 518 . 0 . (id20)
alaa abdul - zahra club al - khor sports club al - khor sports club ground al khor (id1260)
bhajji , also known as bhaji , bajji (id206)
arros negre is from spain includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers cuttlefish is an ingredient in the catalonian dish of arros negre . (id745)
