asam pedas comes from malaysia which has the capital city of kuala lumpur and the ethnic group of malaysian indian . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
california state assembly is located at california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california . california state assembly leads anaheim , california . it is part of nasa .
bucharest is romania .
adare manor was designed by augustus pugin at palace of westminster in bloomsbury .
the location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was awarded distinguished service medal , which is higher than department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
john van den brom is manager of az alkmaar , plays for vitesse arnhem , netherlands national football team and afc ajax .
albany , oregon in united states .
alpena county regional airport is in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210m metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport is located in saranac lake harrietstown , new york essex county , new york . harrietstown , new york is in united states . the adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 him is retired .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and it icao identifier is oraa . the battle runway length is 3992 . 88 . 08 / 26 is the name of a runway at it , operated by al asad airbase .
fulton county is in united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications which was founded by sara miller mccune . issn number 0001 - 8392 is administrative science quarterly .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th 1930 . a member has retired . he was on the crew of apollo 11 operated by nasa , with william anders as a backup pilot .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . the legislature is dedicated to the soldiers . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of it . baku is the capital of azerbaijan .
elliot see died in st . louis .
bacon explosion is made of bacon and sausage . it is bacon and sausage and can be found in united states . bacon explosion is from the kansas city region .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is spoken in denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of it . marriott international is the tenant of the hotel .
