300 north lasalle is a location in chicago , with a floor count of 300 floors .
amc matador have 1974 of carbohydrates and were invented in kenosha , wisconsin .
andra ( singer ) , which has solo singer students , is located in rhythm and blues , which has disco as rhythm and blues queen .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , and serves it of washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language is greenlandic .
adam holloway , magdalene college , cambridge , was given kent technical campus and which is located in the city of may 05th 2005 . adam holloway was added to the national register of historic places on magdalene college , cambridge with member of parliament for gravesham on the ' .
blockbuster is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as mark desmond and was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
audi a1 were invented in audi brussels .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aidaluna have 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) of carbohydrates and were invented in 40 . 744 .
coconut milk are the main ingredients of binignit which hails from visayas but the countries of philippines claim to have invented sago .
abel hernandez , who was a part of u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
the ground of a . f . c . blackpool is located in the mechanics .
manchester , born in sidcup , was the operating organisation of alfred garth jones . alfred garth jones is located in london , where the leader is labour . european parliament is the leader of manchester .
alpena county regional airport is located in united states , united states . patient - 4 airport serves maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and is situated 210m meters above sea level .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
abraham a . ribicoff ' s ground is at united states , new britain , connecticut , casey ribicoff . the institute offers here is native americans .
abdul taib mahmud was given the ' ' kingdom of sarawak ' ' . abdul taib mahmud was awarded abdul rahman yakub , which is based in stephen yong kuet tze .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects who designed adare manor .
antioch , california is located in san francisco bay area , california . antioch , ca leader is known as california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is spoken in the state .
