and kevin eastman .
buzz aldrin , a member of the apollo 11 crew was born in glen ridge , new jersey , us . graduating from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 , buzz aldrin ( born 1930 - 01 - 20 ) received 20 awards . buzz aldrin is now retired .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel . chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of springfield , illinois chicago is part of illinois .
english is the language of the united states . angola is part of the state of indiana . angola , indiana is in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq , has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is situated within the united states . anderson is part of indiana .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana
english is spoken in great britain and is the language used in 1634 : the ram rebellion . and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
asam pedas is indonesia the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
, is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin , born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road
320 south boston building of which construction began in 1910 .
barack obama is the leader of the united states . the english - language book a wizard of mars originates from the united states that includes many asian americans .
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister .
new york city is part of new netherland
arrabbiata sauce is from italy sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre is from spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . arros negre is from the catalonia region led by the parliament of catalonia .
the mayor is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico
the leader of kerala is kochi . the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala .
american alan bean was a test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired
