comes from the united states
abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army united states army and fought in the korean war .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas english is spoken in texas . potter county , texas in the state of texas potter county is in texas , in the united states . austin is the capital of texas .
big hero 6 stars ryan potter . and the american , duncan rouleau . featured in the film big hero 6 .
the leader of belgium is charles michel . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp belgium where german is the language spoken . antwerp in belgium .
boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney
antioch , california is 13 . 0 antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square km .
where english is the language and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . the inhabitants of the united states are known as americans angola , indiana is in the united states .
who played for fc sachsen leipzig .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq , has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . 250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where president john roberts is leader . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
ab klink . he graduated from erasmus university rotterdam ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds )
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin , he was born in dallas and died in st . louis , united states
the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes , spain . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
austin is part of texas where the spoken language is english . austin is part of williamson county , texas . round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown is the county seat of williamson county , texas .
costa crociere is located in genoa aidastella operated by aida cruises aidastella is owned by costa crociere
malaysian malay are an ethnic group .
columbus blue jackets in columbus , ohio
the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama lee county , alabama , united states . lee county , alabama in the state of alabama the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
