aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is part of the central denmark region in margrethe ii led denmark . the faroese language is spoken in denmark .
gemstone is benitoite . alan shepard was a member of apollo 14 . shepard died in california . nasa ' s dianne feinstein is a senator in california . apollo 14
200 public square is located in cleveland , part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
austria where the leader is doris bures alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) alfons gorbach died in austria
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04
asian americans are an ethnic group . a wizard of mars originates from the united states .
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alfredo zitarrosa is a zamba ( artform ) alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is a trance music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear in 2009 .
angola international airport serves luanda the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 .
aleksandre guruli club fc karpaty lviv aleksandre guruli was born in batumi aleksandre guruli has a height of 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) aleksandre guruli club fc zestafoni
bhajji is from the karnataka region , in india . , also known as bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kristina kovac
in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , . the runway length is 4 , 100 and san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by enaire . the runway name of adolfo 14l / 32r
anaheim is part of california . the california state senate leads anaheim , california . the california state senate is located in the california state capitol .
abarth 1000 gt coupe wheelbase 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) abarth 1000 gt coupe width 1 . 55 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle two door coupe
american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis alfred moore scales the battle of fredericksburg battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . one of the languages of new york french language american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln albert jennings fountain the american civil war
