the chair of airey neave is 1935 and airey neave is affiliated with patient - 2 .
agra airport is in india and is operated by the indian air force . agra airport has two type of identifiers , agra airport ata location identifier is iata and it icao location identifier is viag .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from lazio , originaly made italy . with tomato as amatriciana sauce ' s main ingredient , it is prepared by guanciale .
the inhabitants of india are known as indians .
anders osborne is located in kirk joseph . anders osborne is affiliated with bridge - 1 , which is based in tab benoit and has billy iuso to kirk joseph southeast .
the chair of abdul taib mahmud is sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
buffalo new york is part of erie county , new york .
aleksandra kovac is located in 1990 , bridge - 1 . aleksandra kovac was built in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and aleksandra kovac is affiliated with bridge - 1 in rhythm and blues .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , who published journal , which has the issn number of 0965 - 2140 .
11264 claudiomaccone were invented in 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
albert jennings fountain , who was born in united states , attended american civil war ( whose mascot is abraham lincoln ) .
massimo drago is in the u . s castrovillari calcio club , is manager of a . c . cesena and is affiliated with the s . s . chieti calcio club .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was the recipient of athens . adonis georgiadis was born in bridge - 1 , greece jersey which is in deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally of adonis georgiadis . the city of athens was the backup pilot on bridge - 1 .
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
kingdom of sarawak is the appointed president of adenan satem , which is located in kingdom of sarawak and known as parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud has university of adelaide floors and abdul taib mahmud ground is in kingdom of sarawak .
the leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . the leader is one of an indian ' s leaders .
aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has aston martin virage postgraduate students . aston martin v8 is affiliated with bridge - 1 in aston martin dbs .
