live nation entertainment is based in beverly hills , california .
1 decembrie 1918 university in romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania . desteapta te , romane is the anthem of romania .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems and is headquartered in new york city . alexander l . wolf is the president of association for computing machinery .
buzz aldrin graduated from 1963 from mit .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . new york city is the largest city in united states . it in here .
christian panucci is chelsea fc .
batchoy is soup which contains chicken . batchoy from philippines is made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
alan bean ' s birth name is alan lavern bean . apollo 12 was organized by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 . it was commanded by david scott . alan bean ( retired june 1981 ) was a crew member of it .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with land grant universities and the association of american universities .
bionico comes from mexico , whose leader is enrique pena nieto .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
pacific grove , california is in california .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania falls under the category of contributing property . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county . cumberland county is north of it . adams county is east of franklin county .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , a city in united states that is governed by cleveland city council .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott international , with bill marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of the hotel . marriott international was founded in washington dc greenlandic is the language of denmark .
j . v . jones wrote a fortress of grey ice which is available in print .
madrid is in spain .
' a severed wasp ' is published in hardcover and the oclc number 8805735 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as tenant .
rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bbc produces bbc radio . it is located in broadcasting house .
