auburn , alabama is located in lee county , alabama , which is part of alabama , united states . here is home of african americans and the language of the united states is dubridge - 2 .
bacon is a main ingredient in ' bacon explosion ' , which also contains sausage .
7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport which is is 210m above maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . 7 / 25 also has runway length of 1533 . 0 and is served by alpena , michigan which is in there .
the first club jens hartel played for was fc lokomotive leipzig , he is part of the sv germania schoneiche club and , manages 1 fc magdeburg .
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai . acharya institute is affiliated with tennis which was founded in all india council .
the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
2158 is the abbreviation for aip advances , aip adv . is the eissn number .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan civil aviation authority which is part of pakistan . the hub airport for the airport is jinnah international airport .
granola is an ingredient used in the preparation of bionico , a dish from guadalajara .
compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings of arem - arem are banana leaf . compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings is also it .
the location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
johns hopkins university press is united states parent company of the johns hopkins university press in the united states . here jhu publishes american journal of mathematics which covers the united states discipline of mathematics .
baked alaska is a food found in hong kong .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
virginia demarce and eric flint is the birth place of grantville gazette ii which is the sequel to 1634 : the bavarian crisis . this book is preceded by ring of fire ii , who was written in english and was followed by grantville gazette ii which in turn was preceded by the grantville gazette .
atlanta is located in georgia , united states .
in singapore , english is spoken . within java , an ethnic group are an ethnic group and ayam penyet is a food . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , where allama iqbal international airport is located .
