bionico from guadalajara region is found in mexico and contains raisins . (id573)
adare manor , republic of ireland augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny . (id914)
where felipe vi is leader . ajoblanco is found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of spaniards are from spain . (id871)
baked alaska comes from hong kong meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska . baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska . (id756)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai . shumai and batagor are variations of the siomay dish . (id855)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11 , performed as a fighter pilot and buzz graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 buzz aldrin is now retired . (id877)
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places . (id55)
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the uk . also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id850)
whose people are known as indians . bhajji comes from india . (id275)
michigan , united states . (id182)
english is the language of the united states . albuquerque is part of new mexico . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states is barack obama albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id819)
big hero 6 is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and has baymax as a character and stars scott adsit (id589)
baked alaska is from the united states meringue is an ingredient of a baked alaska . (id264)
european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark . denmark has a monarchy . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . (id831)
afc blackpool is located in blackpool and has 1500 members . their full name is ` ` association football club blackpool ' ' (id441)
the leader of the united states was barack obama . the capital of the us is is washington d . c . 1634 in the united states . the united states has an ethnic group asian americans and preceded by 1634 the galileo affair . (id792)
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . us national william fighter pilot william anders was born in british hong kong william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 (id940)
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert . (id569)
cumberland county is to the north and carrol county is to the northwest . and frederick county , maryland to its southwest . and falls contributing property located in adams county , pennsylvania (id824)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey ( capital ankara ) and made of bronze is located in izmir , turkey (id624)
