the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . atlanta has the area code of 404 . the total area of atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 american buzz buzz aldrin as a fighter pilot on nasa ' s program .
auburn is part of washington state . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . washington state is located within the united states .
amarillo is part of texas . amarillo , texas , united states .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in arapiraca .
11th mississippi infantry monument united states 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast
andrews county airport is located in texas the runway length at andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . and is 973 metres above sea level .
the leader of the united states is known as the president of the united states . 1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group
baked alaska is from the united states baked alaska is from the new york region christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
athens international airport is in sparta , serves the city of athens , and is 94 metres above sea level the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus is located to its northeast mols . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . aarhus magistrate
is the leader in pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali
whose ground is in blackpool .
bhajji in india where the people are called indians where t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji is from the karnataka region .
tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . marriott international hotel . and has 23 floors .
the native americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department in colombia . one of the rosids lemon belongs to the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is found in antioquia department
turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it ' s capital city is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . bronze turkey . the turkish currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom by lippincott , williams & wilkins . wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
