atlantic city , new jersey in united states it is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
attica , indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km . attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . attica , indiana is part of united states . it is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member , is deceased . alan shepard joined nasa in 1959 and died in california . alan shepard , a student at nwc in 1957 and was born on november 18th 1923 .
aleksander barkov , jr . played for florida panthers it was born on september 02nd 1995 , in tampere , finland .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . atlanta has area codes 404 .

washington dc is the capital of united states which includes many asian americans . atlanta comes from here .
joe biden is a united states leader . buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , here .
1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
arros negre comes from valencian community .
alvah sabin ( born in georgia , vermont ) died in sycamore , illinois . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is from vermonts 3rd congressional district . it is in vermont .
auburn is in united states it is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . auburn , washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is part of king county , washington .
finland has finnish language .
italy arrabbiata sauce contains tomato . arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region .
visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
aristoteles sandoval is a leader in jalisco .
luciano spalletti was at empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . new york city is the largest city in united states . it in here .
basim qasim manages al - zawraa sc .
