albany is part of the state of georgia . united states . the title of the leader is president of the united states where the population are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , georgia is in the united states .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo montevideo , uruguay uruguay . the uruguayans montevideo where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician )
aaron s . daggett the battle of gettysburg aaron s . daggett won the purple heart
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mamiffer aaron turner is a ambient music
angola , indiana is 324 . 0
alpharetta , georgia from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan
alex tyus club pallacanestro cantu alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08
alan martin ( footballer ) club hamilton academical f . c .
alhambra builder samuda brothers
akeem priestley and connecticut huskies akeem priestley and sheikh russel kc
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
alan frew is a rock music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba alex plante has a height of 1 . 9304 alex plante club anyang halla
( 410777 ) 2009 fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres )
' s regional amatriciana sauce includes pecorino romano .
