amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ( which is afc ajax ( amateurs ) ) played in the season 2014 season . they have 5000 members and ' ' joden , godenzonen ' ' . (id665)
alan tudyk in big hero 6 in which baymax , created by american duncan rouleau , is a character in the film which stars steven t . seagle . (id836)
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland . (id481)
turkey , where the leader is known as president of turkey , is the location of ataturk monument . the country was designed by pietro canonica . (id625)
fruits is colombian cuisine region of it where bandeja paisa comes from . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and kidney beans . (id761)
beef kway teow is from paris , new york and hong kong , baked alaska is popular in singapore and it . baked alaska is made from christmas pudding sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , united states and sponge cake . (id755)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken . (id527)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in patient - 6 and is affiliated with 1928 . there are 16 , 000 students students and 737 academic staff . (id950)
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . (id73)
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia . (id216)
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press , which is the publisher of a long long way . (id338)
orange county in california is located in united states . (id184)
sandesh is philippines leader of it , where binignit is a dish . philippines is also found in it , where philippine english is the leader . (id782)
filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of akita musuem of art in akita , akita , akita prefecture . (id604)
anaheim , california is in orange county , california , which is part of united states . (id232)
' a severed wasp ' is from united states wthe united states here main language is english , originated in great britain . it capital of the united states is washington dc and native americans are bridge - 2 original ethnic group of that land . (id788)
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 along with dianne feinstein him . (id880)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , where the capital city is trenton . (id502)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id238)
the violet keystone is the birth place of into battle who was influenced by australians . above the veil is the sequel to castle and was followed by into battle and the violet keystone . (id789)
