akita museum of art is from japan , where brazilians are one of the ethnic groups . (id389)
amdavad ni gufa is located gujarat , india . the leader of india is narendra modi and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id608)
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r . (id3)
leader of united states is titled leader and the united states language spoken is english . here , wit joe biden is bridge - 1 , is leader of 250 delaware avenue . (id619)
from united states , ' a severed wasp ' was originally published in english which is the language spoken in great britain . (id414)
' ' larry bolatinsky ' ' is also known as bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin . (id592)
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including asilomar state beach , asilomar conference grounds , riverside art museum and hearst castle . (id923)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( known as turk sehitleri aniti ) was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the legislature is located in azerbaijan , where red granite and white marble leader is artur rasizade . (id930)
the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii . (id72)
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia and also it where the dish comes from . the leader of singapore , where halimah yacob is spoken , is standard chinese . (id768)
angola , indiana is located in indiana , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , united states and is 16 . 55 square kilometres above the state of indiana . (id633)
an alternative name for bhajji is bhaji or bajji . (id206)
peter stoger . fc koln is the manager of agent - 1 . in he career so far , bridge - 1 has played for patient - agent - 1 and fc admira wacker modling , and managed at fk austria wien . (id672)
a . d . isidro metapan is in the league , salvadoran primera division . (id101)
sesame oil is one of singapore ingredients of beef kway teow . this is a traditional dish from singapore and is part of indonesia . (id565)
the runway length of ardmore airport , new zealand is 597 . 0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . (id302)
al asad airbase is operated by al asad airbase . usaf aircraft carriers bombed operation enduring freedom and fought in grenada . ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are two aircrafts on that base . (id889)
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is the manager at ac lumezzane . michele marcolini previously played for a . c . chievo verona and now plays for torino f . c . . (id656)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where one can find arem - arem . (id251)
the transport aircraft for al asad airbase is boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . (id38)
