birmingham , which has the b postcode is a leader in birmingham where the architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born . labour party ( uk )
ahmad kadhim assad and steel azin f . c . ahmad kadhim assad club al shorta sc
aenir was written by garth nix is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa
andrews county airport is located in texas andrews county airport runway length 896 . 0 and is 973 metres above sea level .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
airey neave the battle of france battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle
alaa abdul - zahra club sanat mes kerman f . c .
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff
marriott international is based in bethesda , maryland . overseen by bill marriott . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international
agustin barboza is a guarania ( music )
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones is in print
albuquerque , new mexico has area codes 505 and 575 . albuquerque , n . m . has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans live . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c .
aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark , marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . bill marriott is a key person greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states . and was hired by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway 2014 . 0
romania ' s capital bucharest
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart aaron s . daggett the battle of fredericksburg
