ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space airbus defence and space is the parent company of airbus group
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres )
101 helena epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
amarillo is part of potter county , texas potter county , texas comes from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . african americans are an ethnic group .
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20
william anders retired on september 1 , 1969 . us national william fighter pilot william anders was born in british hong kong william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8
agnes kant , netherlands netherlands where the leader is mark rutte agnes kant and lives in the doesburg emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) socialist party ( netherlands ) where the leader is emile roemer
buzz graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963
alison odonnell is a jazz alison odonnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison odonnell recordlabel floating world records
aaron hunt club vfl wolfsburg vfl wolfsburg manager dieter hecking aaron hunt club sv werder bremen ii
madrid , part of the community of madrid where the leading party is ahora madrid adolfo suarez madrid - barajas aiport is located in madrid .
amc matador is also known as vam classic amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador is in the mid - size car amc matador engine amc straight - 6 engine
( 410777 ) 2009 fd absolutemagnitude 22 . 1
athens international airport is in sparta , serves the city of athens , and is 94 metres above sea level the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff the native americans are an ethnic group . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut abraham a . ribicoff american abraham a . ribicoff died in new york
big hero 6 ( film ) big hero 6 , distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures , starred ryan potter and is a character in big hero 6 .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai n . r . pogson was born in nottingham 107 camilla discovered 2001 - 03 - 01
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association . european university association has headquarters in brussels . of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities . cornell university is in the state of new york .
