michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is the manager at ac lumezzane . michele marcolini previously played for a . c . chievo verona and now plays for torino f . c . .
atlas ii is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has 3 . 04 m postgraduate students . atlas ii is located in march 16th 1998 .
alessio romagnoli is a crew of italy national under - 16 football team , which is affiliated with daniele zoratto and was a . s . roma .
alaa abdul - zahra is managed by al kharaitiyat sc , who was once a player of al khor and shabab al - ordon club .
audi was founded by august horch .
' ' a wizard of mars originates from united states and is written in english . here leader of it is barack obama and one of asian americans ethnic groups in the united states are the asian americans .
aleksandra kovac is soul music .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is sweet potato ( part of the order of solanales . ) , another ingredient that can be used is banana .
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
george winckler were the architects who designed 320 south boston building .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico , where one can find bionico .
an alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
the leader , president of romania is germans of romania , which is one of the ethnic groups of it . 1 decembrie 1918 university was published in romania .
ahmet ertegun , established in non performing personnel , has rhythm and blues and is known as united states , has part students and ahmet ertegun motto is the united states .
alfa romeo 164 which has saab 9000 postgraduate students , is affiliated with bridge - 1 in milan .
arabic is the language of iraq .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji , which is found in the region of karnataka . gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji .
angola , indiana is located in indiana , pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in indiana , united states and is 16 . 55 square kilometres above the state of indiana .
aleksander barkov , jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
english is the language of alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
