the olympic stadium ( real zaragoza ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who have been managed by gus poyet . gus poyet own club is marousi and him has played for chelsea fc .
akeem adams , who was a part of trinidad and tobago national football team and t & tec sports club .
alco rs - 3 is published by may 1950 - august 1956 . alco rs - 3 was established in v12 engine and has american locomotive company students and v12 engine .
albany , georgia is an example of united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain ( born in new york city ) died in dona ana county , new mexico .
300 north lasalle is located at chicago .
soviet union national football team born russia manages aleksandr chumakov which is a prequel to valentina matviyenko and plays for soviet union national football team .
the anthem of united states is called the star - spangled banner .
auburn is located in washington state , where the capital is olympia and the leader is united states .
bakewell pudding , which can be served ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , is from derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are bakewell tart .
alfa romeo 164 were invented in arese .
an alternative name for amc matador is american motors matador .
t s thakur is the leader of india , where one can find bhajji .
atlantic city international airport is located in atlantic city , new jersey , new jersey which is united states of it of new jersey which located in the united states . here airport serves it of egg harbor township which also located in it of n . j . , and part leader ' s name of this city is ' ' don guardian ' ' .
the chair of ariane 5 is august 11st 2005 .
antares ( rocket ) is affiliated with bridge - 1 and has mid - atlantic regional spaceport postgraduate students . antares ( rocket ) is located in january 09th 2014 .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
al kharaitiyat sc were invented in qatar stars league .
adam holloway was born gulf war and graduated from kent . adam holloway was provided by may 05th 2005 and has the full name ' ' magdalene college , cambridge ' ' .
the capital of united states is washington dc and 1634 : the ram rebellion comes from there .
