halimah yacob is the leader of singapore , where one can find beef kway teow .
bolt is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce and are from the order of solanales and solanaceae .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which has 512 pages . the novel was published in it and has 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
addis ababa is located in ethiopia . the current leader in it is hailemariam desalegn also addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia ethiopia .
united states is a leader in south jersey transportation authority where atlantic city international airport is located in it which is lead by stephen dilts .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a traditional dish from indonesia .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county .
an alternative name for black pirate is jon valor .
the capital of united states is washington dc and amarillo , texas comes from there .
william anders was born in british hong kong on ttechnology 17th october 1933 . him was technology , who was chosen by 1963 in it . patient - 5 was a crew member on apollo 8 and 8820 . 0 minutes on september 01st 1969 .
claude bartolone is the leader of france , where one can find barny cakes .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
the first club stuart parker played for was irlam town football club and him is now manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
the country of albuquerque , new mexico is united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
karl kesel is american .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on retired . he attended 1963 from mit obtaining it in 1963 . a member was a crew member on apollo 11 .
aenir is published by english in above the veil , in australians .
