afc ajax ( amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs ) , with 5000 members , participated in season 2014 . afc ajax ( amateurs ) is nicknamed joden , godenzonen .
american duncan rouleau created baymax . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . big hero 6 stars alan tudyk .
marriott international , helped by bill marriott , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
ataturk monument in turkey , designed by pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th 1932 . turkey ' s leader is president of turkey .
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine that contains kidney beans . pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa which is found paisa region .
baked alaska is made of sponge cake and christmas pudding . baked alaska is united states found in paris , new york and hong kong .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp , belgium , where german is spoken .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it employs about 737 academic staff . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , which has 16 , 000 students students , was established in 1928 .
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
malaysian malay people are from malaysia .
a long long way was published by viking press , a subsidiary of penguin random house .
orange county , california in united states .
binignit is dessert and sandesh is also a dessert . philippine english speaking philippines boasts binignit .
akita museum of art is in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . filipinos are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
anaheim , california is in orange county , california . california in united states .
' a severed wasp ' originates from united states , where the language is english . english is spoken in great britain . washington dc is the capital of it . native americans live in here .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california . nasa ' s apollo 14 crew included alan shepard . alan shepard died in nasa .
trenton is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is in united states atlantic city , new jersey is part of it .
atlantic city , new jersey in united states it is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
australians is the country of origin of into battle . these books were published in the following order : aenir , above the veil , into battle and the violet keystone . aenir was preceded by castle .
