akita museum of art is in japan , akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
awh engineering college is in india and kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . kochi is the leader of kerala .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark ( new jersey ) .
the area code of antioch , california is 925 .
allen forrest , who plays for pop music , was born in dothan ( alabama ) . he was a solo singer .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
blt , which contains lettuce , can be a variation of bacon sandwich . club sandwich can be a variation of blt .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) is baymax , which steven t . seagle created .
alan shepard , who died in california , is from the united states . he was born in new hampshire . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the average speed of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , the density of which is 2000 . 0 kilogrampercubicmetres , is 37 . 16 . the apoapsis of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 is 1 . 621640918388e8 kilometers .
shumai can be a variation of batagor .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . an ethnic group of spain , the leader of which is felipe vi of spain , are spaniards . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia .
the largest city in oregon is portland ( oregon ) .
a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , which is in genoa , operates it .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
the main ingredient in bacon sandwich , which comes from the united kingdom , are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it contains condiment .
the home town of alan frew , who is a musician and a solo singer , is newmarket ( ontario ) . he was born in coatbridge . he is from canada .
aleksandra kovac , who plays for pop music , was born in belgrade in 1972 . he was a solo singer .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . , which plays in new douglas park .
