adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , died in the united states . he was born in connecticut . he is from american . he is governor of connecticut .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in added to the national register of historic places in asilomar blvd . ( pacific grove , california ) on february 27 ( 1987 ) .
ab klink , who is ministry of health ( welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ) , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam , which is affiliated with association of mbas . he was born in netherlands .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador . it acquired chrysler . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
baked alaska , found in hong kong , comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the leader of which is gerard larcher . the french language is spoken in it .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . it is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , comes from singapore . it is found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia . it contains sesame oil .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays singing , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , the governing body of which is the international tennis federation which is as a sport . the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka . telangana is located to the northeast of karnataka . arabian sea is located to the west of karnataka .
ahmet ertegun , who is from the united states , plays for rock and roll , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
akeem ayers , draft an in round 2 and an in position 39 , played in los angeles rams .
a . f . c . blackpool is also known as association football club blackpool .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii , which was launched from vandenberg air force base .
aleksandra kovac , active in 1990 , plays for soul music .
bandeja paisa contains chicharron .
the largest city in texas is houston .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , which covers the academic discipline of paleobiology , is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) .
