aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kristina kovac .
alison o ' donnell was active in 1963 .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) . he was born on november 12 , 1978 .
adam koc , which died in new york city , was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena , discovered on august 15 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
akeem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc .
aleksandra kovac , who was a solo singer , plays for pop music .
antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport and mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . minotaur iv use the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is from the united states .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced .
the temperature of 1089 tama , the apoapsis of which is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers , is 179 . 0 .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in milan , is also known as fiat croma . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) . it is related to opel vectra .
the english language is spoken in canada .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for defender ( association football ) , plays for a . c . milan and - sampdoria . a . c . milan , the manager of which is sinisa mihajlovic , plays in serie a .
andrew rayel , who plays for trance music , played with christian burns . he played in armin van buuren . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
alv x - 1 was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria .
abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . and uruguay olympic football team . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
