200 public square , which was completed in 1985 , is in cleveland . it is in the united states .
the stadium of acf fiorentina has 47290 seats . it is also known as acf fiorentina s . p . a . .
20 fenchurch street is in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . it is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
ayam penyet is found in singapore .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . elizabeth garrett was the president of cornell university . the cornell university is in ithaca ( new york ) .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) .
the length of the runway at aarhus airport , the name of which is 10r / 28l , is 2776 . 73 meters . aarhus lufthavn a / s operates it .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , the dean of which was thomas pallesen , has 737 employees . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains pork . it is found in la paz ( iloilo city ) .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students . the latin name of the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is universitas aarhusiensis . it was established in 1928 .
the main ingredient in batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables inpeanut sauce .
ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian chinese .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
bibbo bibbowski is also known as bo bibbowski .
county limerick is part of munster .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and dougherty county ( georgia ) . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
