a severed wasp is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in sri lanka .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology .
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states , seminary ridge and gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . he is a contributing property .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland , mendrisio and ticino . accademia di architettura di mendrisio , which has 100 employees , was established in 1996 .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) . the length of the runway of abilene regional airport , the name of which is 17l / 35r , is 2194 meters . it is 546 meters above the sea level .
arlington , texas is part of texas , which is in the united states .
adare manor is in county limerick .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains noodle .
massimo drago , who plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
akron , ohio is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the chinese language is spoken in california .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 1 / 19 , is 2743 . 5 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
azal arena is in baku .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
ayam penyet , found in nationwide ( also can be found in malaysia and singapore ) , contains fried chicken . it comes from java . the main ingredient in fried chicken are chicken . an ethnic group of java are javanese people .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , is found in singapore . beef kway teow , which contains sesame oil , comes from indonesia .
