albennie jones was born in the united states and errata ( mississippi ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
alan bean , who is from the united states , was a crew member of apollo 12 , the backup pilot of which was alfred worden . he is a test pilot . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa operates it . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
a . s . livorno calcio plays in serie b in livorno .
aleksandra kovac plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced .
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales . he graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) . albert e . austin succeeded it . he was born in darien ( connecticut ) .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , uruguay national football team and u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . it plays in uruguayan segunda division .
american locomotive company , which is in the united states , manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was founded in the schenectady ( new york ) .
the icao location identifier of the ashgabat international airport is utaa .
alex plante , the height up which is 1 . 9304 , was born in canada in 1989 . he plays for anyang halla .
aidastella was launched on march 17 , 2013 .
the engine of audi a1 , the layout of which is front - engine ( front - wheel - drive layout ) , is audi a1 2 . it was assembled in brussels ( belgium ) . the audi a1 , which is a hatchback , is of the class , supermini .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , was politician .
al anderson ( nrbq ) plays guitar . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it . blues has influenced it .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township ( madison county , indiana ) .
aip advances , the eissn number of which is 2158 , is abbreviated to aip adv . .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , played in 2014 in bryning lane . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , the magnitude of which is 7 . 08 . he was born in nottingham . he is from england .
