the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg , the lccn number of which is 32024459 , is 1865 - 8784 . it is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of cook county ( illinois ) . it is in the united states .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains cuttlefish .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
port authority of new york and new jersey operates atlantic city international airport . the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
andrews county airport is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
indian people live in india .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology has ~ 700 postgraduate students . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) .
the english language is spoken in aenir .
arem - arem , found in nationwide in indonesia ( but more specific to java ) , comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , the currency of which is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in it .
shumai can a variation of which be siomay can be a variation of batagor , which comes from indonesia . it contains shiitake .
bionico , the main ingredient in which are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins , comes from mexico . it is found in guadalajara . it contains sour cream .
madison county , indiana , the largest city in which is anderson ( indiana ) , is in the united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county ( indiana ) .
massimo drago , who plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
honey can a variation of which be bionico comes from mexico . it is a dessert . the spanish language is spoken in it . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , the capital of which is olympia ( washington ) . it is in the united states .
300 north lasalle is in chicago .
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
