alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english language .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the united states house of representatives .
antioch , california , the total population of which is 102372 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of antioch , california is 925 . the total area of antioch , california is 753 square kilometers .
the arabic language is spoken in iraq .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance .
george richard pain designed adare manor , which was completed in 1862 .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in added to the national register of historic places in asilomar blvd . ( pacific grove , california ) on february 27 ( 1987 ) .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the county seat of tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the spanish language is spoken in it . the largest city in texas is houston .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . it is in the united states .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
retired alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the potter county , texas is in texas , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
andrews county airport , which serves andrews ( texas ) , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 929 meters . it is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor contains peanut sauce .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
