akron , ohio is part of summit county ( ohio ) . akron summit assault plays in st . vincent - st . mary high school . it is in the united states and akron ( ohio ) . (id670)
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are native americans in the united states . the english language is spoken about in great britain . (id786)
john buscema received the eisner award . (id154)
103 colmore row , which was completed in 1976 , is in birmingham . the construction of 103 colmore row began in 1973 . it has 23 floors . (id594)
a glastonbury romance can be found in hardcover . (id78)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres . (id172)
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . (id518)
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , the governing body of which is the international tennis federation which is as a sport . the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka . telangana is located to the northeast of karnataka . arabian sea is located to the west of karnataka . (id956)
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id120)
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . afc ajax operates sportpark de toekomst , which afc ajax n . v . owns . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax . (id664)
rene goscinny , who is from french people , created the character asterix , which albert uderzo created . (id586)
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala . (id581)
asser levy public baths is in new york city . (id394)
atlanta is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . (id493)
the county seat of lee county , alabama , which is in the united states , is opelika ( alabama ) . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . (id817)
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia . (id64)
the stadium of a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 seats . it plays in gubbio . (id317)
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id352)
dave challinor , who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . fylde . (id443)
bakewell tart , which contains fruit preserves , can be a variation of bakewell pudding . (id265)
