arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) and texas . the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) . the capital of texas , which is in the united states , is austin ( texas ) .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 09r / 27l , is 3990 meters .
the english language is spoken in the united states .
turkmenistan airlines , the headquarters of which is turkmenistan , operates ashgabat international airport .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
shumai comes from china .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . it is in the united states , americans live in which . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is john clancy ( labour politician ) , is b . the birmingham city council governs it .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah .
barny cakes can be served in to sizes of 30 grams .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the length of the runway at agra airport is 1817 . 83 meters . it is 167 . 945 meters above the sea level . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
william anders , born in british hong kong , was a crew member of apollo 8 , a crew member of which was frank borman . chris patten represents it .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which has 320 pages , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , the author of which is virginia demarce and , has 448 pages . it can be found in print .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
3arena is in dublin .
