baked alaska , found in new york , comes from france . it contains sponge cake . (id552)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis . (id643)
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the english language is spoken , is houston . (id807)
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in amsterdam . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , part of which is amsterdam - centrum . (id449)
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city . (id611)
11 diagonal street is in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . an ethnic group of south africa are coloured . an ethnic group of south africa are asian south africans . (id595)
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . (id291)
aek athens f . c . played in 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) . (id108)
blt , which contains lettuce , can be a variation of bacon sandwich . club sandwich can be a variation of blt . (id548)
the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 meters . (id9)
awh engineering college , which is in kerala and kuttikkattoor , has 250 employees . kochi is the leader of kerala . (id740)
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains tomato . the main ingredient in amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . (id743)
250 delaware avenue is in the united states . it has 12 floors . (id459)
julia morgan designed the los angeles herald - examiner . (id66)
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 . (id85)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id41)
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , contains tapioca . the main ingredient in bakso , found in nationwide in indonesia ( also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries ) , are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id759)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald - examiner , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach . (id922)
the dutch language is spoken in belgium . (id25)
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston . (id503)
