alex tyus , which plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , plays in turkish basketball super league .
allen forrest , who plays for acoustic music , was born in dothan ( alabama ) in fort campbell in 1981 . he was a solo singer .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , is found in indonesia . it contains beef .
aaron turner , who played with sumac ( band ) , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal . he plays electric guitar .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , the lccn number of which is 60040714 , is 0567 - 7920 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , petrol is the engine of alvis speed 25 .
aleksandra kovac , who was a solo singer , plays for pop music .
1097 vicia was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) .
albany , oregon is in the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , funk has which influenced . disco has influenced it .
antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport and mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . minotaur iv use the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is from the united states .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which last flew on october 28 , 2014 . antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21 , 2013 .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . it is in republic of ireland , the leader of which is enda kenny .
edmund j . davis was the governor of albert jennings fountain , who died in new mexico territory .
fallujah is in iraq .
andra ( singer ) , active in 2000 , plays for pop music .
aaron turner , who played in greymachine , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for black metal .
atlas ii is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland . the label of alison o ' donnell , active in 1963 , is floating world records .
