eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
bakso contains celery .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 an epsth ( greece ) .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark ( new jersey ) .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , in which the german language is spoken .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains avocado . it is found in paisa region .
christian panucci , who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance , the author of which is john cowper powys .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
arrabbiata sauce contains chili pepper .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is the president of the united states .
the length of the first runway of alderney airport is 877 meters .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in sri lanka .
james pain and george richard pain designed adare manor .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
