akita museum of art is in japan , an ethnic group of which are brazilians in japan . (id389)
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . narendra modi is the leader of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan . (id608)
the name of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r . (id3)
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states . (id619)
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . (id414)
the character bolt , which gary cohn created , is also known as larry bolatinsky . dan mishkin created it . (id592)
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach . (id923)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . (id930)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . (id72)
beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , is found in singapore . the standard chinese language is spoken in it . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore . (id768)
angola , indiana is in the united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id633)
a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . (id206)
peter stoger , who plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien , is the manager of 1 . fc koln . (id672)
a . d . isidro metapan plays in salvadoran primera division . (id101)
beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia , is found in singapore . it contains sesame oil . (id565)
the length of the third runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 408 meters . (id302)
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 . it uses the lockheed c - 130 hercules as aircraft transport . (id889)
michele marcolini , who plays for a . c . chievo verona and torino f . c . , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he was born in italy . (id656)
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . (id251)
united states air force uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport . (id38)
