albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
uruguayans live in uruguay , montevideo is in which . alfredo zitarrosa died in it . daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg .
aaron turner , who played in mamiffer , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for ambient music .
angola , indiana is 324 meters above the sea level .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
the beam of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which helsinki manufactured , is 21 . 2 meters long . arctech helsinki shipyard manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
alex tyus , born on january 08 , 1988 , plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
samuda brothers manufactured the alhambra ( 1855 ) .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as fiat croma , was assembled in italy . the alfa romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) . it is related to opel vectra .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
alan frew plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
alex plante , the height up which is 1 . 9304 , was born in brandon ( manitoba ) . he plays for anyang halla .
the apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 2 . 5977670247055e8 kilometers .
amatriciana sauce contains pecorino romano .
