amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
the length of the runway at appleton international airport is 2439 meters .
michigan is in the united states .
addis ababa city hall , which houses the government of addis ababa , was completed in 1964 . the height up the addis ababa city hall is 42 m . the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square meters .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and italy national under - 16 football team . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
the county seat of tarrant county , texas , which is in the united states , is fort worth ( texas ) . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
alison o ' donnell , who played with bajik , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music . he was active in 1963 .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall .
caterpillar inc . is in peoria ( illinois ) .
akron , ohio is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
alison o ' donnell was active in 1963 .
mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows the grantville gazettes .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 kilometers per second .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
aleksandr prudnikov , born on february 24 , 1989 , plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 centimetres .
