the county seat of madison county , indiana is anderson ( indiana ) .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the leader of which is paul ryan , are white americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it .
bionico , found in jalisco , comes from mexico . honey can be a variation of bionico . it is a dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
adisham hall is in sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , which is fantasy literature , is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 877 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . it is part of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is springer science + business media , the founder of which is julius springer .
aek athens f . c . plays in greece . the stadium of aek athens f . c . has 69618 seats .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . alan tudyk stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . potter county , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in amsterdam . eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam , part of which is amsterdam - noord .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics is johns hopkins university press , the parent company of which is johns hopkins university .
250 delaware avenue , the architectural style of which is postmodern architecture , is in buffalo ( new york ) . the construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january , 2014 . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
