albany , oregon is part of oregon , the capital of which is salem ( oregon ) .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county ( new york ) .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
bakso , which contains noodle , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . the main ingredient in bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
attica , indiana is 166 meters above the sea level .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall , which was completed in june 01 , 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way . it is in williamsburg ( virginia ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
william anders , who is from the united states , was a crew member of apollo 8 , the commander of which was frank borman . he was born in british hong kong . nasa operates it .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and logan township ( fountain county , indiana ) . the total area of attica , indiana , which is 166 meters above the sea level , is 414 square kilometers . the population density of attica , indiana is 783 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico , the leader of which is the new mexico senate , is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama , which is in spain . it is part of community of madrid .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
the spanish language is spoken in new york .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis . it is part of kingdom of france .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , the leader of which is fuad masum . the arabic language is spoken in it .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are sago , contains sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales . sweet potato manufactured the flowering plant .
a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , can be found in print .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
