akita museum of art is in japan , an ethnic group of which are brazilians in japan .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . narendra modi is the leader of india , the leader of which is sumitra mahajan .
the name of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
the character bolt , which gary cohn created , is also known as larry bolatinsky . dan mishkin created it .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , the hearst castle and the asilomar state beach .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
beef kway teow , which comes from singapore and indonesia , is found in singapore . the standard chinese language is spoken in it . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
angola , indiana is in the united states . the total area of angola , indiana is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji .
peter stoger , who plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien , is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
a . d . isidro metapan plays in salvadoran primera division .
beef kway teow , which comes from indonesia , is found in singapore . it contains sesame oil .
the length of the third runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 408 meters .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada and the operation enduring freedom , operates al asad airbase . it has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 . it uses the lockheed c - 130 hercules as aircraft transport .
michele marcolini , who plays for a . c . chievo verona and torino f . c . , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . he was born in italy .
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
united states air force uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport .
