adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in kingdom of sarawak . it lives in demak jaya ( jalan bako , kuching , sarawak ) . he graduated from university of adelaide .
alberto teisaire , the president of which was juan peron , is from argentina , in which the spanish language is spoken . juan peron belongs to the labour party ( argentina ) .
akeem ayers , whom tennessee titans drafts , played in new england patriots . it is in nashville ( tennessee ) .
abdul taib mahmud , whom abdul rahman yakub succeeded , was born in kingdom of sarawak . stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
adam holloway , born in kent , was involved in the gulf war . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
ahmet ertegun , who is from the united states , plays for rock and roll , blues has which influenced . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
abraham a . ribicoff , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , died in the united states . he was born in connecticut . he is from american . he is governor of connecticut .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in new mexico territory and the united states .
alhambra ( 1855 ) is wrecked .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which costa crociere owns . it is in genoa .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens and greece , is minister for health .
atlas ii last flew on march 16 , 1998 .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 , has 12 cylinders . the engine of alco rs - 3 is four - stroke engine .
airbus defence and space , the parent company of which is airbus group , manufactured the ariane 5 .
american submarine nr - 1 , the maximum speed of which is 8 . 334 , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . the length of american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres . the beam of american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 meters long .
airey neave was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , a key person at which is douglas r . oberhelman .
