300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of dupage county ( illinois ) .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters .
bacon explosion comes from the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is from the united states . he is a fighter pilot . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows the grantville gazettes .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich .
poaceae , which is of , the class , monocotyledon , is a flowering plant . the first runway of alderney airport is made of poaceae . a poaceae belongs to the order of the commelinids .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are baduy . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway of allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18l / 36r , is 3310 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
the length of the runway of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 16 meters .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . it is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , an ethnic group of which are malaysian malay , are malaysian chinese . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . the leader of denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen , is the monarchy of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
the length of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3499 . 71 meters . it is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
beef kway teow , the main ingredient in which are kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli and sesame oil , comes from singapore . it is found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia . it contains sesame oil .
the length of the first runway of ashgabat international airport is 12467 meters . it is 211 meters above the sea level .
arros negre is found in valencian community .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
