addis ababa city hall is in ethiopia and addis ababa . (id386)
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa , found in paisa region , are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon . bandeja paisa , which contains hogao , comes from colombian cuisine . (id762)
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 3 . rover company succeeded it . (id1635)
pacific grove , california is part of california . (id70)
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . the slavey language is spoken in it . (id1589)
bakso contains celery . (id267)
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . (id508)
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in haputale ( sri lanka ) . (id387)
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) , is made of bronze . it is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira . (id951)
acura tlx , which is of , the class , mid - size car , was assembled in marysville ( ohio ) . the layout of acura tlx is front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive . the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine . (id1626)
bacon explosion comes from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the leader of which is paul ryan , are white americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . (id849)
siomay contains peanut sauce . (id220)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired . (id727)
infraero , which is in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport . (id308)
adare manor is in county limerick . (id395)
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . (id1287)
the length of the runway of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 16 meters . (id20)
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club , which plays in al khor . (id1260)
a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . (id206)
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains cuttlefish . (id745)
