james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena , discovered on august 15 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
florida panthers drafts aleksander barkov , jr . , born on september 02 , 1995 in tampere ( finland ) .
a ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
alan bean is from the united states .
atlas ii was launched from vandenberg air force base .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york and staten island , died in new mexico territory and the united states .
arianespace manufactured the ariane 5 , ariane 5 was launched from ela - 3 . it was launched from guiana space centre .
abner w . sibal , born in ridgewood ( queens ) , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) . abner w . sibal is member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth ( texas ) .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance .
airey neave , active on march 04 , 1974 , was involved in the battle of france .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 4 . 41092e8 kilometers .
jens hartel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 , 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
the label of anders osborne , the label of which is shanachie records , is alligator records , which plays for blues . it is in chicago .
abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti bumiputera sarawak .
general dynamics electric boat , the parent company of which is general dynamics , manufactured the american submarine nr - 1 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the lee county , alabama is in alabama .
