3arena , which the company populous designed , is in dublin .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . the adirondack regional airport serves saranac lake ( new york ) .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the mayor of albuquerque . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india , the leader of which is narendra modi .
jens hartel , who plays for sv babelsberg 03 , 1 . fc union berlin and fsv zwickau , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
a . s . livorno calcio plays in serie b in livorno .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains gram flour . the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building .
scott adsit was born in northbrook ( illinois ) .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0269 - 9370 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
the publisher of the secret scripture is faber and faber .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . the cornell university is in new york and ithaca ( new york ) .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , an ethnic group of which are igorot people , are zamboangans .
the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski , which is also known as bo bibbowski .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
