300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , is in chicago .
amc matador , announced in 1974 , was assembled in kenosha ( wisconsin ) .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . the greenlandic language is spoken in it .
adam holloway , who is for gravesham , was born in kent . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
gardner fox created the character blockbuster , which is also known as mark desmond . carmine infantino created it .
audi a1 was assembled in audi brussels .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
the maximum speed of aidaluna , the length of which is 252000 . 0 millimetres , is 40 . 744 .
binignit , the main ingredient in which are coconut milk , is found in visayas . binignit , which contains sago , comes from philippines .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
a . f . c . blackpool plays in the mechanics , .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester . the leader of london is the european parliament .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in , , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
abdul taib mahmud , whom abdul rahman yakub succeeded , was born in kingdom of sarawak . stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
james pain and george richard pain designed adare manor .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) and california . the leader of antioch , california is the californias 11th state assembly district . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the english language is spoken in it .
