109 felicitas , the orbital period of which is 1 . 39705e + 08 , was last seen in december 31 ( 2006 ( jd2454100 . 5 ) ) . the apoapsis of 109 felicitas is 5 . 23329e8 kilometers .
the diameter of alv x - 1 , which has 2 stages , is 5 . 0 foots . it was launched .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the stadium of akron summit assault has 3000 seats . it played in 2011 pdl season .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
108 st georges terrace , which was completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . nasa selected him in 1962 .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . the anthem of canada is o canada .
the label of aaron deer is kill rock stars .
above the veil can be found in print .
aaron turner , who plays singing , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) . it was involved in the american civil war . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves lahore , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan . it is in pakistan .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
audi , which august horch founded , manufactured the audi a1 and the audi e - tron . it owns ducati and lamborghini .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in greece .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , the leader of which is fuad masum . the arabic language is spoken in it .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera .
the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
