bionico , found in guadalajara , comes from mexico . it contains raisin .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . it is in republic of ireland , the leader of which is enda kenny .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , spaniards live in which . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from france , united states or china .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai contains shiitake . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
the reference number in the national register of historic places of asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539 .
blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , the main ingredient in which are bread and bacon , with a condiment and often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich , which contains ketchup , comes from the united kingdom . a bacon sandwich is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
bhajji comes from india . indian people live in india .
michigan is in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , the distributor of which is walt disney studios motion pictures , is baymax . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from the united states .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is the monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
a . f . c . blackpool , which is also known as association football club blackpool , plays in blackpool . the stadium of a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 seats .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
william anders , who is from the united states , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is a fighter pilot . he was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains sago . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , is made of bronze . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara .
