elliot see is deceased . (id146)
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . he was born in dallas . he is from the united states . (id732)
bionico is found in jalisco . (id209)
the afonso pena international airport serves curitiba . (id5)
blt contains tomato . (id195)
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans . (id709)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in the united states , monocacy national battlefield and maryland , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . he is a historic districts in the united states . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) . (id931)
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . (id305)
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states . (id130)
shumai can be a variation of batagor . (id202)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , which is in the united states , is the united states house of representatives . (id229)
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . it contains granola . (id572)
a chicken is of the class , bird . (id210)
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students . (id137)
a addiction ( journal ) covers the academic discipline of addiction . (id86)
alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the leader of romania is the prime minister of romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) . (id957)
thomas pallesen was the dean of aarhus university , school of business and social sciences . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id947)
gubbio is found in umbria . (id119)
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . (id690)
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax . ryan potter stars in big hero 6 ( film ) . (id701)
