aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . (id132)
abradab plays for hip hop music . (id163)
ariane 5 was launched from guiana space centre . (id83)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . the buenos aires city legislature governs buenos aires , the leader of which is horacio rodriguez larreta . (id436)
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide . (id14)
allen forrest , who plays for hip hop music , was born in fort campbell . disco has influenced it . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass . (id882)
abel caballero , who belongs to the spanish socialist workers party , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . (id416)
edmund j . davis was the governor of albert jennings fountain , who died in new mexico territory . (id260)
alison o ' donnell plays for jazz . (id178)
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay , in which the spanish language is spoken . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo , the leader of which is daniel martinez ( politician ) , is in uruguay . (id891)
neptun werft , which is , manufactured the a - rosa luna . rostock is in germany , the leader of which is andreas vosskuhle . the capital of germany is berlin . (id796)
albennie jones was born in the united states and errata ( mississippi ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id518)
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white . (id26)
the monarch of abel caballero , the prime minister of which is felipe gonzalez , is juan carlos i of spain , which predecessor is francisco franco . he was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id737)
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales . he graduated from princeton university . (id266)
airey neave , who served in royal artillery , received the awards from the military cross . (id251)
airey neave first served in 1935 . (id24)
amc matador is also known as american motors matador . (id63)
albert b . white , who died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) , was born in cleveland . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) . (id753)
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team . (id113)
