akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc and united petrotrin f . c . . thomas doll is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . it plays in palo seco velodrome . (id1780)
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id509)
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . (id555)
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , which is as a sport the governing body of which is the international tennis federation . (id737)
jerry ordway created bibbo bibbowski , which marv wolfman created . (id368)
ernie colon created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it . (id593)
jens hartel , who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg . (id436)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso , is rome . (id575)
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , an ethnic group of which are malaysian malay , are malaysian chinese . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur . (id844)
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in england . (id1297)
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) , active in 2003 , is universal records ( defunct record label ) . (id1691)
beef kway teow , found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia , comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id564)
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from indonesia . (id256)
amdavad ni gufa , which is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) , is in gujarat . (id391)
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . (id875)
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 101 helena . he is from canada . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) . (id1783)
albert jennings fountain , who died in the united states , was born in staten island . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id1404)
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kerala . kochi is the leader of kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . (id948)
cake can be a variation of dessert . bionico is a dessert . (id282)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . (id820)
