buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is alexis tsipras . the greek language is spoken in it . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
aek athens f . c . plays in athens .
infraero , which is in brasilia , operates afonso pena international airport .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is in aarhus and denmark .
the name of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the length of which is 3499 . 71 meters , is 18l / 36r . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which enaire operates , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
a glastonbury romance wrote john cowper powys .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves lahore , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan . it is in pakistan .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer , published in the united states , is soho press . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are african americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in serie d , the champion of which are s . s . robur siena , in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy , in which the italian language is spoken .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
a . c . lumezzane , which plays in lega pro / a , is also known as associazione calcio lumezzane spa . the stadium of a . c . lumezzane has 4150 seats .
amatriciana sauce , which contains tomato , comes from italy .
acharya institute of technology , which is in india , is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is viag .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) is baymax , which steven t . seagle created .
adisham hall is in haputale .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is pietro grasso , is rome .
buzz aldrin , whom nasa selected in 1963 , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot .
