airbus defence and space , the parent company of which is airbus group , manufactured the ariane 5 .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres .
101 helena was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . potter county , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) on may 20 , 1891 .
william anders , who is from the united states , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is a fighter pilot . he was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 . he graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . .
agnes kant , who lives in doesburg , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is floating world records . it is in london .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii . dieter hecking is the manager of vfl wolfsburg .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid . the leader party in madrid is ahora madrid .
amc matador , assembled in kenosha ( wisconsin ) , is also known as vam classic . the amc matador , the engine of which is i6 , is of the class , mid - size car .
the magnitude of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd is 22 . 1 .
the athens international airport serves athens . the length of the runway at athens international airport is 3800 meters . athens international airport , which is 93 . 8784 meters above the sea level , is in spata .
the spouse of abraham a . ribicoff , born in connecticut , is casey ribicoff . he is from the united states . he died in new york . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , ryan potter stars in which , is baymax . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , discovered on march 01 ( 2001 ) . he was born in nottingham .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
bionico comes from mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , the currency of which is the mexican peso .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
