aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
rene goscinny , who is from french people , created the character asterix , which albert uderzo created .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
the rotation period of 1097 vicia is 95040 . 0 .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in the united states , monocacy national battlefield and maryland , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . he is a historic districts in the united states . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) .
aaron bertram , who participated in kids imagine nation , played in suburban legends , brian robertson ( trombonist ) played for which . he plays for ska punk , punk rock has which influenced .
bakso , which contains vermicelli , comes from indonesia .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , in which the philippine spanish language is spoken , are zamboangans . an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino .
250 delaware avenue , which costs 1 . 1 million dollars , is in buffalo ( new york ) . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . it is part of derbyshire . it contains fruit preserves .
bionico , found in guadalajara , comes from mexico . it contains raisin .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans . the english language is spoken about in great britain .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . glen ridge , new jersey is part of essex county ( new jersey ) .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains chili pepper .
the county seat of madison county , indiana is anderson ( indiana ) .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh .
