american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador . it acquired chrysler . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
the engine of acura tlx is honda k engine .
andra ( singer ) , who is a singing and a solo singer , plays for dance - pop . he was born in romania .
aaron bertram , who played in suburban legends , played with kids imagine nation . he plays for pop music .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
ariane 5 , which was first launched from guiana space centre on august 11 , 2005 , last flew on december 18 , 2009 . airbus defence and space manufactured the ariane 5 . the diameter of ariane 5 is 5 . 4 metres .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . . it plays in uruguayan primera division .
blues has influenced rock and roll .
aaron turner , who played in greymachine , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for black metal .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
alvah sabin , born on october 23 , 1793 , belongs to the whig party ( united states ) , henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere operates it .
the engine of alvis speed 25 is alvis speed 25 6 .
jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of fredericksburg . alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
allen forrest , born in 1981 , plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
andrew white ( musician ) , who plays for alternative rock , played in marry banilow . it has influenced nu metal . punk rock has influenced it .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman was the governor of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
