live nation entertainment is in beverly hills ( california ) .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in romania , an ethnic group of which are germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te ( romane ! ) .
the publisher of acm transactions on information systems is association for computing machinery , the leader of which is alexander l . wolf . new york city is the headquarters of the association for computing machinery .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states , the largest city in which is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
batchoy , which comes from philippines , contains chicken . it is a soup . the main ingredient in batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
alan bean , who retired on june , 1981 , was a crew member of apollo 12 , the backup pilot of which was alfred worden . the birth name of alan bean is alan lavern bean . nasa operates it . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities and association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york .
bionico comes from mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
akita museum of art is in akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan , it is in which , are brazilians in japan .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
franklin county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the west of adams county , pennsylvania . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . cumberland county ( pennsylvania ) is located to the north of adams county , pennsylvania . frederick county ( maryland ) is located to the southwest of adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is a contributing property .
200 public square is in cleveland . cleveland , which the cleveland city council governs , is in the united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the greenlandic language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international .
j . v . jones is the author of which can be found in print a fortress of grey ice .
madrid is in spain .
the oclc number of which can be found in hardcover a severed wasp is 8805735 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
bbc , a key person at which is rona fairhead , broadcasts bananaman . it produces bbc radio . it is in broadcasting house .
