alfred garth jones , who is from the united kingdom , died in london . he was born in manchester .
acura tlx , the engine of which is acura tlx 10 , was assembled in marysville auto plant . the layout of acura tlx is front - engine design . the acura tlx is of the class , luxury vehicle .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim .
aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is related to aston martin dbs . the engine of aston martin v8 is aston martin v8 1 . aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 . aston martin vantage succeeded it .
albennie jones , born in errata ( mississippi ) , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
the maximum speed of aidaluna , the length of which is 252000 . 0 millimetres , is 40 . 744 .
akeem dent , who played in houston texans , was born in atlanta ( georgia ) in 1987 and september 27 , 1987 .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 6 , is with metal joints ( arranged in a straight line ) ( spiral bevel fully floating back axle ) .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
the austrian german language is spoken in austria .
the average speed of 1097 vicia is 64512 . 0 .
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in darien ( connecticut ) . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) .
aidastella , launched on march 17 , 2013 , was christened in - - 03 - 16 . the length of aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it was founded in california and the united states . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for russia national football b team and - tom tomsk , was born on february 24 , 1989 .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer , plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced disco .
alfred n . phillips , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is mayor of stamford ( connecticut ) . albert e . austin succeeded it . he was born in darien ( connecticut ) .
aston martin v8 , assembled in the united kingdom , is related to aston martin dbs . aston martin virage succeeded it . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
robert e . lee was the commander during battle of antietam .
