a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
a addiction ( journal ) , which is abbreviated to addiction , covers the academic discipline of addiction . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to fiat croma . it is also known as saab 9000 . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164 4 .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from france .
agnes kant , who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands . the colour of socialist party ( netherlands ) is red . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was a solo singer , plays for taquirari .
abel caballero , who is minister of transport , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero belongs to the spanish socialist workers party .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 1 / 19 , is 2743 . 5 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
binignit contains taro .
bandeja paisa , the main ingredient in which are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon , contains kidney bean . it is found in paisa region . it comes from colombian cuisine .
abradab plays for hip hop music .
acharya institute of technology , which is in india , is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . it is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) . the visvesvaraya technological university is in belgaum .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , v12 engine is the engine of alco rs - 3 . the length of alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
11 diagonal street is in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . an ethnic group of south africa are coloured . an ethnic group of south africa are asian south africans .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
akron , ohio is part of summit county ( ohio ) .
adam koc , which received the awards from the virtuti militari , was involved in the world war i .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . it is in the united states .
