conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba . alex plante was born in brandon ( manitoba ) .
james w . reid ( politician ) succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina .
akeem priestley plays for rops , which plays in veikkausliiga .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
abner w . sibal was active on january 03 , 1965 .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues , which has influenced funk and disco . blues has influenced it .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , similar to delta ii . it is from the united states .
akeem dent was born in 1987 and september 27 , 1987 .
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
allen forrest was born on february 04 , 1981 .
buzz aldrin , who is also known as edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . nasa selected him in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , was established in 2001 . the awh engineering college is in kerala and kuttikkattoor . mahe ( india ) is located to the northwest of kerala .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport .
awh engineering college , which is in kerala and kuttikkattoor , has 250 employees . kochi is the leader of kerala .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in county of tyrol . doris bures is the leader of austria .
the architectural style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
