the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 meters .
the main ingredient in bandeja paisa , found in paisa region , are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon . bandeja paisa , which contains hogao , comes from colombian cuisine .
a ethnic group of java are banyumasan people .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
american journal of mathematics , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to am . j . math . .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , the leader of which is philippe of belgium . the capital of belgium is city of brussels .
michele marcolini , who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . it plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county ( texas ) .
beef kway teow , found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia , comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the length of the runway at andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) , scott adsit stars in which , is walt disney studios motion pictures .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from malaysia . it is found in malay peninsula .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . tejano live in texas . it is in the united states .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 895 . 807 meters .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland and mendrisio . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 600 students and 100 employees . it was established in 1996 . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
300 north lasalle is in illinois . 300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , was completed in 2009 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , the largest city in which is new york city , is washington ( d . c . ) .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
