michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , who played in houston texans . he was born on september 27 , 1987 in atlanta ( georgia ) .
the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate student , is in bangalore . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
a ethnic group of south africa are white south african .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , italians live in which . the capital of italy is rome . the italian language is spoken in it .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . tejano live in texas . it is in the united states .
a . c . chievo verona plays in verona ( italy ) . the stadium of a . c . chievo verona has 39371 seats .
amc matador , assembled in thames ( new zealand ) , is also known as american motors matador . the amc matador , which is of , the class , mid - size car , is a station wagon . the engine of amc matador is v8 .
atlas ii is from the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the english language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
polydor records is in london .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he is retired . he is from the united states . nasa selected him in 1963 . it operates apollo 11 .
bibbo bibbowski is also known as bo bibbowski .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in copenhagen .
allen forrest , born in fort campbell ( ky , raised in dothan , al ) in 1981 , plays for hip hop music . he was a solo singer .
a neighboring municipality to mendrisio is meride .
carl a . wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
airey neave was lieutenant colonel .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is made of red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . huseyin butuner and hilmi guner manufactured the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which played in 2014 , is known as joden ( godenzonen ) and amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs also and also . the stadium of afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 seats .
