buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is retired . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
bakso comes from indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
bbc broadcasts bananaman .
abel hernandez plays for the central espanol youthclub , hull city a . f . c . and u . s . citta di palermo .
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which 3xn designed , is marriott international . it has 23 floors .
a ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
a loyal character dancer , the publisher of which is soho press , is written in english language . it is published in the united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
awh engineering college , which has 250 employees , is in india and kerala .
bbc , a key person at which is rona fairhead , broadcasts bananaman . it produces bbc radio . it is in broadcasting house .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
a - rosa luna , the length of which is 125800 . 0 millimetres , was ordered on january 22 , 2004 .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
aida cruises is in rostock .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus and denmark . the magistrate governs it . the leader of denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen , is the monarchy of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski , which is also known as bo bibbowski .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium , in which the french language is spoken .
alex tyus plays in turkish basketball super league .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . a river is ganges in it .
