the acharya institute of technology , which has ~ 700 postgraduate student , is in bangalore . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains banana . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey and atlantic county ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states . the icao location identifier of the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) , is kacy .
the stadium of 1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
the publisher of addiction ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0965 - 2140 , is wiley - blackwell , the parent company of which is john wiley & amp ; sons .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
the oclc number of which can be found in print & amp ; paperback a long long way is 57392246 .
bbc broadcasts bananaman , jill shilling stars in which .
a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , ryan potter stars in which , is baymax . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) is walt disney studios motion pictures .
bhajji , the main ingredient in which are gram flour and vegetables , is found in karnataka . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
fallujah is in iraq .
a . f . c . blackpool plays in the mechanics , .
william anders retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is from the united states . he was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates apollo 8 .
al asad airbase is in iraq , in which the arabic language is spoken .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . nasa selected him in 1963 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the name of which is 14l / 32r , is 4100 meters . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 meters above the sea level , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) . enaire operates it .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
a wizard of mars , which has 560 pages , can be found in hardcover . diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars . the isbn number of a wizard of mars is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
