alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , united states army was involved in the korean war .
the potter county , texas is in texas and the united states . amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax . ryan potter stars in big hero 6 ( film ) .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . charles michel is the leader of belgium , in which the german language is spoken .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
antioch , california , the total area of which is 75 . 32 square kilometres , is 13 . 1064 meters above the sea level .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the english language is spoken in it . americans live in the united states .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway at al asad airbase is 3090 meters .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
ab klink , who belongs to the christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he was born in netherlands .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometers per second .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . he was born in dallas . he is from the united states .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in san sebastian de los reyes , the leader party in which is peoples party ( spain ) . it is in spain .
the largest city in williamson county , texas , the county seat of which is georgetown ( texas ) , is round rock ( texas ) . austin , texas is part of texas and williamson county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which costa crociere owns . it is in genoa .
a ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay .
the columbus blue jackets is in columbus ( ohio ) .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are native americans in the united states .
