andrews county airport is in texas , the largest city in which is houston .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
the orbital period of 1000 piazzia , the periapsis of which is 3 . 52497e + 11 , is 488160 . 0 . it was last seen on june 27 ( 2015 ) .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg . battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was robert e . lee .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk . the label of alison o ' donnell is stanyan records . it is in london .
binignit , which is a dessert , contains taro . cookie can be a variation of dessert .
alan bean , who retired on june , 1981 , was a crew member of apollo 12 , the backup pilot of which was alfred worden . the birth name of alan bean is alan lavern bean . nasa operates it . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . it is in the united states .
dave challinor , who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in armin van buuren . he participated in armin van buuren ( bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi ) . he plays for trance music , pop music has which influenced .
alan shepard , who is a test pilot , is deceased .
andrew white ( musician ) , who plays for alternative rock , played in marry banilow . it has influenced nu metal . punk rock has influenced it .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , served in the united states army , which was involved in the whiskey rebellion . he is member of the .
the average speed of 10 hygiea , the orbital period of which is 5 . 57 days , is 16 . 76 . the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers .
the fifth runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
gubbio is found in umbria .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
