kevin eastman created april o ' neil .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he received the 20 awards . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
the capital of illinois , part of which is chicago , is springfield ( illinois ) . 300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of indiana . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
al asad airbase is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the length of the runway at al asad airbase is 3090 meters .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township ( madison county , indiana ) and indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township ( madison county , indiana ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
asam pedas , the main ingredient in which are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce , comes from indonesia .
103 colmore row , which john madin designed , is in colmore row . he was born in birmingham .
amdavad ni gufa , which is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) , is in gujarat .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
new york city is part of new netherland .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre , found in catalonia , comes from spain . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia . an ethnic group of spain are spaniards .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the awh engineering college is in kerala , the leader of which is kochi .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa selected retired alan bean in 1963 .
