asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the spanish language is spoken in california .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster .
the icao location identifier of the ashgabat international airport is utaa .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , died in california . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
john van den brom , who plays for vitesse arnhem , afc ajax and netherlands national football team , is the manager of az alkmaar .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , is retired .
the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3992 . 88 meters . al asad airbase , which united states air force operates , is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh .
the issn number of administrative science quarterly , the publisher of which is sage publications , is 0001 - 8392 . sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications .
retired buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 , the backup pilot of which was william anders . he was born on january 20 , 1930 . nasa operates it .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of azerbaijan is baku .
elliot see died in st . louis .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon and sausage , comes from the united states . it contains bacon . it is found in kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredient in bacon explosion are sausage .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . the greenlandic language is spoken in it .
