john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is labour party ( uk ) , is b .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township ( madison county , indiana ) and anderson township ( madison county , indiana ) . the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 . 43 square kilometres , is 523 . 8634087103906 inhabitants per square kilometer . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
a neighboring municipality to mendrisio is meride .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the english language is spoken in it . americans live in the united states .
angola , indiana is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
a . f . c . blackpool is also known as association football club blackpool .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
alexandria , indiana is part of indiana and madison county ( indiana ) . the capital of indiana , which is in the united states , is indianapolis . the english americans language is spoken in it .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 meters .
antwerp international airport is 12 meters above the sea level .
luciano spalletti , who plays for empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
