the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometers per second .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , received the awards from the purple heart . it was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the currency of which is the euro .
alex day plays for synthpop .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow .
antares ( rocket ) , which is medium expendable launch system , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . yuzhnoye design bureau manufactured the antares ( rocket ) .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawraa sc and al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , which served in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar has been the vice - president of olusegun obasanjo .
alfons gorbach , born in county of tyrol and austria , died in graz .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in billy iuso . he participated in kirk joseph .
the engine of 1955 dodge , which transmission is 3 - speed automatic , is 1955 dodge 2 . it is also known as dodge coronet .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
alfred garth jones , who is from the united kingdom , died in london . he was born in 1872 in manchester and england .
the engine of 1955 dodge , which dodge manufactured , is 1955 dodge 5 . the transmission of 1955 dodge is 3 - speed automatic . the wheelbase of 1955 dodge is 120 . 0 inchs .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . the leader of london , the leader of which is boris johnson , is the european parliament .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera , discovered on september 07 ( 1868 ) . he is from canada . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
alison o ' donnell , who plays autoharp , plays for jazz , which has influenced funk and afrobeat . folk music has influenced it .
aston martin v8 , which is related to aston martin rham / 1 , was assembled in the united kingdom .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland . the label of alison o ' donnell , active in 1963 , is floating world records .
walter baade , who died in gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
