asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian . (id846)
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the spanish language is spoken in california . (id631)
the capital of romania is bucharest . (id135)
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed adare manor and the palace of westminster . (id465)
the icao location identifier of the ashgabat international airport is utaa . (id21)
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , died in california . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id730)
john van den brom , who plays for vitesse arnhem , afc ajax and netherlands national football team , is the manager of az alkmaar . (id666)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id160)
alpena county regional airport , which is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) , is 210 meters above the sea level . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states . (id522)
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . (id904)
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , is retired . (id375)
the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3992 . 88 meters . al asad airbase , which united states air force operates , is in al anbar province ( iraq ) . the icao location identifier of the al asad airbase is oraa . (id887)
fulton county , georgia is in the united states . (id180)
agra airport is in uttar pradesh . (id288)
the issn number of administrative science quarterly , the publisher of which is sage publications , is 0001 - 8392 . sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications . (id429)
retired buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 , the backup pilot of which was william anders . he was born on january 20 , 1930 . nasa operates it . (id879)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is in azerbaijan , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of azerbaijan is baku . (id622)
elliot see died in st . louis . (id145)
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon and sausage , comes from the united states . it contains bacon . it is found in kansas city metropolitan area . the main ingredient in bacon explosion are sausage . (id848)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , the leader of which is lars lokke rasmussen . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . the greenlandic language is spoken in it . (id913)
