gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . , is the manager of aek athens f . c . .
luciano spalletti , who plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
the temperature of 10 hygiea , the apoapsis of which is 5 . 2395158233968e8 kilometers , is 164 . 0 .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines are igorot people .
alex day , who plays for electronic music , played in chameleon circuit ( band ) . he played with charlie mcdonnell . he was active in 2006 .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa selected retired alan bean in 1963 .
the county seat of lee county , alabama , which is in the united states , is opelika ( alabama ) . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) and alabama . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
the main ingredient in batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables inpeanut sauce .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . pierce county , washington is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc spartak moscow youthclub , fc terek grozny and fc dynamo moscow . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny .
alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is petrol . rover company succeeded it .
the first runway at alderney airport , the length of which is 733 meters , is made of poaceae . the alderney airport serves alderney . it is 88 . 392 meters above the sea level . the name of the runway at alderney airport is 08 / 26 .
the displacement of a - rosa luna , the maximum speed of which is 24 . 0 , is 1 . 85e + 09 . the length of a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres .
adam koc , which died in new york city , was involved in the polish - soviet war . polish - soviet war is part of russian civil war . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . agnes kant belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly , which is in california state capitol . the spanish language is spoken in california .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , the manager of which is valery petrakov .
