afc ajax ( amateurs ) , which played in 2014 , is known as joden ( godenzonen ) and amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs also and also . the stadium of afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 seats . (id665)
duncan rouleau , who is from americans , created baymax , which steven t . seagle created . it is a character in big hero 6 ( film ) , alan tudyk stars in which . (id836)
marriott international , which is in bethesda ( maryland ) , operates ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . bill marriott is a key person at marriott international . (id481)
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . (id625)
bandeja paisa , the main ingredient in which are red beans , ork belly , whiterice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocadoandlemon , contains kidney bean . it is found in paisa region . it comes from colombian cuisine . (id761)
the main ingredient in baked alaska , found in paris ( new york or hong kong ) , are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding . baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from the united states . (id755)
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . the german language is spoken in it . (id527)
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees and 16000 students . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . (id950)
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . (id73)
a ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian malay . (id216)
the publisher of a long long way is viking press , the parent company of which is penguin random house . (id338)
orange county , california is in the united states . (id184)
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . sandesh ( confectionery ) can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it . (id782)
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are filipinos in japan . (id604)
orange county , california is in the united states . anaheim , california is part of orange county ( california ) . (id232)
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) . (id788)
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . , a senator dianne feinstein , california is well known for the benitoite gemstone . (id880)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the capital of which is trenton ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states . (id502)
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states . (id238)
into battle ( novel ) follows above the veil , which follows aenir . it follows castle ( novel ) . into battle ( novel ) , which the violet keystone follows , is published in australians . (id789)
