akron , ohio is in the united states , the leader of which is barack obama . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
baked alaska , which comes from the united states , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . he was born in new hampshire . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
bakewell pudding , which is a dessert , is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . the main ingredient in bionico , found in guadalajara , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it contains sour cream .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) and king county ( washington ) . pierce county , washington is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
william anders retired on september 01 , 1969 . he was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates apollo 8 .
the home town of john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , is birmingham , the leader of which is conservative party ( uk ) .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , is found in paisa region . it contains hogao .
baked alaska , found in hong kong , comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the leader of which is gerard larcher . the french language is spoken in it .
albany , georgia is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
peter laird is from the united states .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio . it plays in serie b , the champion of which are carpi f . c . 1909 .
the english language is spoken in castle ( novel ) .
barny cakes , which contains sponge cake , comes from france . gerard larcher is the leader of france , in which the french language is spoken . francois hollande is the leader of france .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan , part of which is new york city . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat .
a long long way , the isbn number of which is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , has 292 pages .
