aston martin v8 , which aston martin virage succeeded , was assembled in the united kingdom . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage . the capital of the united kingdom is london .
a aids ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0269 - 9370 , covers the academic discipline of hiv and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
baked alaska , the main ingredient in which are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding , is found in hong kong . baked alaska , which contains meringue , comes from france , united states or china .
adonis georgiadis , who is vice - president of new democracy , was born in athens and greece . makis voridis succeeded it .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of the wilderness . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine .
aaron turner , who played in old man gloom , played with twilight ( band ) . he plays for post - metal . he was active in 1995 .
the orbital period of ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , last seen on july 14 ( 2004 ) , is 1 . 62447e + 07 .
michele marcolini , who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio , is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . it plays in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
parkersburg , west virginia is in the united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) .
agustin barboza , the label of which is philips records , was born in paraguay .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans , is the president of the united states .
elliot see , born in dallas , graduated from university of texas at austin . he is from the united states .
the diameter of alv x - 1 , which has 2 stages , is 5 . 0 foots .
a . f . c . fylde plays in lancashire . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
allan shivers , who belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) , is member of thetexas state senatefromdistrict 4 ( port arthur ) . wilfred r . cousins , jr . succeeded it .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county ( georgia ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians , the isbn number of which is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , is 78771100 .
british people live in the united kingdom .
