airey neave first served in 1935 .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the iata location identifier of the agra airport is agr . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is ( location of airport in india ) .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains tomato . the main ingredient in amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
indian people live in india .
anders osborne , who played with tab benoit , played in billy iuso . he participated in kirk joseph .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county ( new york ) .
aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kornelije kovac . he was a solo singer . he was active in 1990 .
the publisher of addiction ( journal ) , the issn number of which is 0965 - 2140 , is wiley - blackwell , the parent company of which is john wiley & amp ; sons .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 .
albert jennings fountain , born in the united states , was involved in the american civil war . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens and greece .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in kingdom of sarawak . it lives in demak jaya ( jalan bako , kuching , sarawak ) . he graduated from university of adelaide .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
amdavad ni gufa is in ahmedabad and gujarat . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india , it is in which .
aston martin v8 , which aston martin virage succeeded , is related to aston martin dbs .
