beef kway teow comes from singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
ernie colon created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato . a tomato belongs to the order of the solanales .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which has 512 pages , can be found in e - book . eric flint ( virginia demarce , et al . ) is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
250 delaware avenue , which costs 1 . 1 million dollars , is in buffalo ( new york ) . it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters . it has 12 floors .
addis ababa , addis ababa city hall is in which , is in ethiopia , the leader of which is hailemariam desalegn .
south jersey transportation authority , the leader of which is stephen dilts , owns the atlantic city international airport , which is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states .
batagor , which contains peanut sauce , comes from indonesia .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
william anders , whom nasa selected in 1963 , retired on september 01 , 1969 . he spent 8820 minutes in space . he was born on october 17 , 1933 in british hong kong . he is a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 8 .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
karl kesel is from americans .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
the english language is spoken in aenir . above the veil follows it . it is published in australians .
