eric flint was born in burbank ( california ) .
barny cakes comes from france . claude bartolone is the leader of france , the leader of which is manuel valls .
11th mississippi infantry monument , which is a contributing property , was established in 2000 .
alan bean , who is from the united states , was a crew member of apollo 12 , the backup pilot of which was alfred worden . he is a test pilot . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) . nasa operates it . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
andrews county ( texas ) owns the andrews county airport .
addis ababa city hall , which houses the government of addis ababa , was completed in 1964 . the height up the addis ababa city hall is 42 m . the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square meters .
a ethnic group of sumatra are malays ( ethnic group ) .
the lee county , alabama is in alabama , which is in the united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in pacific grove ( california ) in added to the national register of historic places on february 27 ( 1987 ) . it was built in 1913 .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . the italian language is spoken in it . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
akron , ohio is part of summit county ( ohio ) .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara .
300 north lasalle , which has 60 floors , is in chicago .
arrabbiata sauce , found in rome , comes from italy . it contains olive oil .
batchoy comes from philippines . the arabic language is spoken in it . an ethnic group of philippines , in which the philippine spanish language is spoken , are zamboangans . an ethnic group of philippines are chinese filipino .
the area code of albany , georgia is 229 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore and india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
