attica , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
the publisher of a loyal character dancer is soho press , published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , in which the english language is spoken , are asian americans .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the publisher of the secret scripture is faber and faber .
abel hernandez plays for the penarol youthclub and u . s . citta di palermo . giuseppe iachini is the manager of u . s . citta di palermo . it plays in serie a .
allen forrest , who plays for hip hop music , was born in fort campbell . disco has influenced it . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national under - 17 football team .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
atlanta falcons is in atlanta .
american submarine nr - 1 , the maximum speed of which is 8 . 334 , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . the length of american submarine nr - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres . the beam of american submarine nr - 1 is 3 . 8 meters long .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of salem church . robert e . lee was the commander during battle of salem church .
the length of the runway of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3499 . 71 meters . it is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . he plays for alternative rock . he was active in 2003 .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
peter laird , who is from the united states , created april o ' neil .
ampara hospital , found in ampara district , is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . bionico , which contains granola , is found in jalisco .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township ( madison county , indiana ) and anderson township ( madison county , indiana ) . the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 . 43 square kilometres , is 523 . 8634087103906 inhabitants per square kilometer . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
aids ( journal ) is published in the united kingdom .
