alan b . miller hall , which robert a . m . stern designed , is in virginia . college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall . it houses the mason school of business , which is in the united states .
jill shilling stars in bananaman , which steve bright created . bananaman , which stv broadcasts , first aired on october 03 , 1983 .
amarillo , texas is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states . the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues , blues has which influenced .
n . r . pogson , who died in chennai , discovered 107 camilla , the periapsis of which is 4 . 79343e8 kilometers . he was born in nottingham .
abdulsalami abubakar was active on may 29 , 1999 .
the area code of albany , georgia is 229 .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
american motors , which acquired eagle ( automobile ) , manufactured the amc matador . roy d . chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and w connection f . c . . it plays in palo seco .
atlanta is in the united states .
abner ( footballer ) plays for brazil national under - 20 football team and real madrid castilla . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
allen forrest plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and azal pfk . it plays in parc olympique lyonnais .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the american civil war . he died in west roxbury . he was born in maine .
aaron bertram , who played in suburban legends , played with kids imagine nation . he plays for pop music .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans , is the president of the united states .
fountain county , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . attica , indiana is part of fountain county ( indiana ) .
