ayam penyet , which comes from indonesia , is found in malaysia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , in which the english language is spoken . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor contains peanut sauce .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
110 lydia was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
alvah sabin , found in vermonts 3rd congressional district , is secretary of state of vermont . the alvah sabin is in vermont . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral and list of provisional presidents of argentine senate . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , which played in 2014 - 15 russian premier league . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr tukmanov is the chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the capital of which is trenton ( new jersey ) . it is in the united states .
adam koc , born in congress poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . leon trotsky was the commander during polish - soviet war .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore and india . the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the engine of audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , is audi a1 3 . the audi a1 is a hatchback .
andrew rayel , who played with bobina , played in jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the name of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol , the length of which is 2014 meters , is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
andra ( singer ) , who played with crbl , played in puya ( singer ) . he plays for dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) plays for rhythm and blues .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
