adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team and az alkmaar .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , is retired .
ajoblanco , which comes from spain , is found in andalusia . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , spaniards live in which . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . sandesh ( confectionery ) can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music . he was active in 2009 .
aids ( journal ) , the publisher of which is lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins , is published in the united kingdom . the parent company of lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins is wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the label of alfredo zitarrosa , born in uruguay , is rca records . he plays for candombe . he was a solo singer .
funk has influenced hip hop music .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
aida cruises , which is in rostock , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere operates it .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is 8805735 .
bionico is found in jalisco .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , founded in the california . it is in peoria ( illinois ) .
abel caballero , who belongs to the spanish socialist workers party , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge ( london ) , was involved in the battle of france . he was active on march 04 , 1974 . he was active on march 30 , 1979 .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
into battle ( novel ) follows above the veil , which follows aenir . it follows castle ( novel ) . into battle ( novel ) , which the violet keystone follows , is published in australians .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains gram flour . the main ingredient in bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
