john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is labour party ( uk ) , is b . (id614)
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in it . (id731)
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . (id139)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township ( madison county , indiana ) and anderson township ( madison county , indiana ) . the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 . 43 square kilometres , is 523 . 8634087103906 inhabitants per square kilometer . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states . (id800)
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 . (id81)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . (id820)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . (id653)
a neighboring municipality to mendrisio is meride . (id134)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . the capital of italy , the leader of which is matteo renzi , is rome . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it . (id864)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate . (id163)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county ( indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . the english language is spoken in it . americans live in the united states . (id815)
angola , indiana is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . (id511)
a . f . c . blackpool is also known as association football club blackpool . (id102)
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . (id243)
alexandria , indiana is part of indiana and madison county ( indiana ) . the capital of indiana , which is in the united states , is indianapolis . the english americans language is spoken in it . (id809)
the amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam . the length of the runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 meters . (id299)
antwerp international airport is 12 meters above the sea level . (id17)
luciano spalletti , who plays for empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma . (id329)
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . (id452)
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . . (id125)
