lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
bacon explosion , the main ingredient in which are bacon , contains sausage .
alpena county regional airport , which serves alpena ( michigan ) , is in maple ridge township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway of alpena county regional airport , the name of which is 7 / 25 , is 1532 . 53 meters . it is 210 meters above the sea level .
jens hartel , who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche , is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg .
all india council for technical education , which is in mumbai , gave the status of ' technical campus ' to acharya institute of technology . it offers tennis , which is as a sport the governing body of which is the international tennis federation .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
aip advances , the eissn number of which is 2158 , is abbreviated to aip adv . .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority .
bionico , which contains granola , is found in guadalajara .
arem - arem , the main ingredient in which are compressed rice cooked inbanana leafwith vegetables or minced meat fillings , contains banana leaf . it is found in javanese cuisine .
the icao location identifier of the afonso pena international airport is sbct .
the publisher of american journal of mathematics , first published in 1878 , is johns hopkins university press , published in the united states . the parent company of johns hopkins university press is johns hopkins university .
baked alaska is found in hong kong .
akron summit assault is also known as akron metro futbol club summit assault .
angola , indiana is 324 meters above the sea level .
ring of fire ii follows 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette ii . virginia demarce and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the english language is spoken in it . it follows the grantville gazette .
atlanta is in the united states .
ayam penyet , which comes from java , is found in singapore . an ethnic group of java are javanese people . the english language is spoken in it . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is in pakistan , the leader of which is anwar zaheer jamali .
