aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz , was born on february 24 , 1989 .
christian panucci , who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
aida cruises , which is in germany , operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , the parent company of which is carnival corporation & amp ; plc , operates it .
abdul taib mahmud , found in asajaya , belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . abdul taib mahmud lives in kuching . he was born on may 21 , 1936 in miri ( malaysia ) .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , the central espanol youthclub and hull city a . f . c . . steve bruce is the manager of hull city a . f . c . .
adam holloway , born in faversham ( kent , england ) , belongs to the conservative party ( uk ) . adam holloway was active on may 05 , 2005 . he served in the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
retired buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 , the backup pilot of which was william anders . he was born on january 20 , 1930 . nasa operates it .
germans live in germany .
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . he was born in new hampshire . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
a subgenre of hip hop music is gangsta rap .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , it is in which .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
abner w . sibal was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
orange county , california is in the united states .
bionico , the main ingredient in which are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins , comes from mexico . it is found in guadalajara . it contains sour cream .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) plays in sportpark de toekomst . afc ajax operates sportpark de toekomst , which afc ajax n . v . owns . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
antares ( rocket ) , which is medium expendable launch system , was launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . yuzhnoye design bureau manufactured the antares ( rocket ) .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been . he was active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian army . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya .
