14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument , which is in monocacy national battlefield , was established on july 11 ( 1907 ) . it is in frederick county ( maryland ) . the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield is frederick ( maryland ) .
the english language is spoken in canada .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
300 north lasalle is in chicago , the leader of which is rahm emanuel . it is part of cook county ( illinois ) . it is in the united states .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
flemish government operates antwerp international airport , which flemish region owns . it is 11 . 8872 meters above the sea level . the length of the runway of antwerp international airport is 600 meters .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in arapiraca .
aida cruises operates aidastella .
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of chancellorsville .
allan shivers , whom price daniel succeeded , belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . allan shivers was born in lufkin ( texas ) . he is governor of texas .
agnes kant is from netherlands , the currency of which is the euro . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . asser levy public baths is in new york city , which is in the united states . it is part of manhattan and new netherland .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is john clancy ( labour politician ) , is b . the birmingham city council governs it .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
finland , finns live in which , manufactured the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which helsinki manufactured . juha sipila is the leader of finland .
the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is abarth 1000 gt coupe 1 .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . , plays in euroleague . zvi sherf coaches it .
adam mcquaid was born in canada . the english language is spoken in it .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , was involved in the world war ii .
