agnes kant , who is parliamentary group leader , was born in hessisch oldendorf .
the spouse of albert b . white , born in cleveland , is agnes ward white . he died in parkersburg ( west virginia ) . william m . o . dawson succeeded it . he was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , plays in 2014 in warton ( fylde , lancashire ) . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays guitar , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
asser levy public baths , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 80002709 , is in added to the national register of historic places in avenue a ( manhattan ) on april 23 ( 1980 ) . it was built in 1904 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) .
pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) .
alaa abdul - zahra , who plays for shabab al - ordon club and iraq national under - 20 football team , was born in iraq .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . the length of the runway of adirondack regional airport is 2003 meters .
aaron turner , who plays for electroacoustic music , played with twilight ( band ) .
adonis georgiadis is deputy minister for development ( competitiveness and shipping ) .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , is made of bronze . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara .
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains guanciale .
port authority of new york and new jersey operates atlantic city international airport . the name of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the currency of which is the euro .
a . s . livorno calcio , which is also known as livorno calcio s . p . a . , plays in livorno ( italy ) . the stadium of a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 seats .
al - khor sports club plays in qatar stars league .
adisham hall , the architectural style of which is tudor revival architecture , is in sri lanka .
