alvah sabin was active on march 04 , 1853 .
aston martin v8 , which is related to aston martin rham / 1 , was assembled in the united kingdom .
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
massimo drago , who plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
united states air force , which has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
bandeja paisa , found in antioquia department , contains lemon , which belongs to the order of the rosids . it comes from colombia . lemon is part of the familiy rutaceae .
alessio romagnoli , who plays for defender ( association football ) , plays for a . c . milan and - sampdoria . a . c . milan , the manager of which is sinisa mihajlovic , plays in serie a .
adenan satem succeeded abdul taib mahmud , which lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was born in japanese occupation of british borneo .
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas , in which the spanish language is spoken , is houston .
the periapsis of 1089 tama , last seen on november 26 ( 2005 ) , is 2 . 88749e + 11 . the apoapsis of 1089 tama is 3 . 73513e8 kilometers .
buzz aldrin , the birth name of which is edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 , which nasa operates . he received the 20 awards .
county limerick is part of munster .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . nasa selected him in 1963 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
aaron turner , who plays electric guitar , played with twilight ( band ) , which plays for black metal . it has influenced death metal .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc amkar perm . sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . it plays in otkrytiye arena . gadzhi gadzhiyev is the manager of fc amkar perm .
alpena county regional airport , which is 210 meters above the sea level , is in wilson township ( alpena county , michigan ) . the length of the runway at alpena county regional airport is 1532 . 53 meters . the alpena county regional airport serves alpena ( michigan ) . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is alvis speed 25 2 , is single plate clutch ( separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
andrew rayel played in christian burns .
the monarch of abel caballero , the prime minister of which is felipe gonzalez , is juan carlos i of spain , which predecessor is francisco franco . he was born in galicia ( spain ) .
