stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of blackpool .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . it is in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the largest city in williamson county , texas , the county seat of which is georgetown ( texas ) , is round rock ( texas ) . austin , texas is part of texas and williamson county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 . it is - 3 . 3528 meters above the sea level .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq , it is in which .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . it plays in an epsth 2nd group in efxeinoupoli .
arros negre , the main ingredient in which are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers , comes from spain . it is found in catalonia . it contains white rice .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica , which covers the academic discipline of paleobiology , is 60040714 . it is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
cake can be a variation of dessert . bionico is a dessert .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . it is in the united states . the potter county , texas is in texas , in which the english language is spoken . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
albany , oregon is in the united states , americans live in which . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
awh engineering college , established in 2001 , is in india and kuttikkattoor . a river is ganges in it .
above the veil , the author of which is garth nix , has 248 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick .
the main ingredient in binignit , which contains banana , are sweet potato , which belongs to the order of the solanales .
ampara hospital , found in ampara district , is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
california is well known for the benitoite gemstone .
arrabbiata sauce , which comes from italy , contains chili pepper .
