the displacement of a - rosa luna , the maximum speed of which is 24 . 0 , is 1 . 85e + 09 . the length of a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres .
abdul taib mahmud , which belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , is found in asajaya .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to saab 9000 , was assembled in milan .
abner w . sibal , which served in the united states army , was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
aaron deer played in the horns of happiness .
the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 2 . 83326e + 11 .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
ace wilder plays for hip hop music , a subgenre of which is gangsta rap . funk has influenced it . hip hop music , disco has which influenced , has influenced drum and bass .
united states army was involved in the spanish - american war .
andrew rayel , who played in christian burns , played with jwaydan moyine . he plays for trance music , house music has which influenced .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is fruits de mer records . it is in london .
olusegun obasanjo succeeded abdulsalami abubakar , mike akhigbe has the vice - president of which been . he was active on may 29 , 1999 . he served in the nigerian army . the predecessor of mike akhigbe is oladipo diya .
the engine of audi a1 , assembled in audi brussels , is audi a1 3 . the audi a1 is a hatchback .
james craig watson , who is from canada , discovered 103 hera , the apoapsis of which is 4 . 3717e8 kilometers . he died in madison ( wisconsin ) .
aaron turner , who plays electric guitar , plays for black metal , which has influenced death metal .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup and london . boris johnson is the leader of london .
honda manufactured the honda k engine .
andrew white ( musician ) , who played with marry banilow , played in kaiser chiefs . the label of andrew white ( musician ) , the label of which is polydor records , is b - unique records . he was active in 2003 .
allen forrest plays for pop music .
alfred n . phillips , who is united states house of representatives , was born in connecticut .
