alba iulia , the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in which , is in romania , the leader of which is klaus iohannis . the capital of romania is bucharest . (id742)
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are asian americans . (id432)
alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space . he was born in new hampshire . the purple finch is a bird , which is from it . (id404)
arros negre is found in catalonia . (id192)
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in india . the iata location identifier of the agra airport is agr . the icao location identifier of the agra airport is ( location of airport in india ) . (id676)
arlington , texas is part of texas , in which the english language is spoken . it is in the united states . the largest city in texas is houston . (id644)
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase , the name of which is 08 / 26 , is 3990 meters . (id677)
luciano spalletti , who plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma . (id453)
the english language is spoken about in great britain . a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , speak . (id722)
the name of the runway at ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 . (id22)
a ethnic group of the united states , new jersey is in which , are native americans in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , the largest city in which is newark ( new jersey ) . the capital of new jersey is trenton ( new jersey ) . (id818)
beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , comes from singapore . (id272)
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 . (id128)
the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux is macmillan publishers . (id93)
albany , georgia is in the united states , part of which is albany , georgia . the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id822)
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , the leader of which is the president of the united states . americans live in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . (id795)
a ethnic group of the united states are asian americans . (id97)
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 , is the manager of a . c . cesena . (id455)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . (id865)
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans . (id645)
