the architectural style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows . (id57)
above the veil can be found in print . (id83)
tim brooke - taylor stars in bananaman , which bbc broadcasts . it last aired on april 15 ( 1986 ) . (id587)
aek athens f . c . plays in superleague greece in olympic stadium ( athens ) . (id323)
alan bean , born in wheeler ( texas ) , is from the united states . he is retired . (id397)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county ( california ) . the leader of antioch , california is the united states representatives . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . (id491)
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , the area code of which is 609 , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometer . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is the mayors of atlantic city ( new jersey ) . the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 12 square kilometres . (id635)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) , is 609 . 6 meters above the sea level . (id286)
soho press is published in the united states . (id95)
awh engineering college is in india and kerala . the largest city in , a river ganges , india is mumbai . kochi is the leader of kerala . (id833)
atlantic county , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county ( new jersey ) . (id240)
the county seat of tarrant county , texas , which is in the united states , is fort worth ( texas ) . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county ( texas ) . (id492)
garth nix is the author of aenir , in which the english language is spoken . above the veil follows it . (id424)
albany , oregon is part of benton county ( oregon ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . (id649)
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . joe biden is the leader of the united states . (id398)
a loyal character dancer , the publisher of which is soho press , is written in english language . it is published in the united states . (id413)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is in turkey , was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . the leader of turkey is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira . (id953)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . (id175)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , the native name of which is turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id226)
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan . (id312)
