the total area of atlanta , the population density of which is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 347 square kilometers . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is from the united states . he is a fighter pilot . nasa operates apollo 11 .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . the capital of the united states , it is in which , is washington ( d . c . ) .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . it is in the united states .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , which is in brazil , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in arapiraca .
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states . carroll county ( maryland ) is located to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
andrews county airport , which is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level , is in texas . the length of the runway of andrews county airport is 1773 meters .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans , is the president of the united states .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from the united states . it contains christmas pudding .
the athens international airport serves athens . the length of the runway at athens international airport is 3800 meters . athens international airport , which is 93 . 8784 meters above the sea level , is in spata .
the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in aarhus , which the magistrate governs . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association . mols is located to the northeast of aarhus .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan , lahore is in which . the allama iqbal international airport serves it .
a . f . c . blackpool plays in blackpool .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . indian people live in india , the leader of which is t . s . thakur . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , the tenant of which is marriott international , is in denmark . it has 23 floors .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
a . f . c . fylde plays in lancashire . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
bandeja paisa , found in antioquia department , contains lemon , which belongs to the order of the rosids . it comes from colombia . lemon is part of the familiy rutaceae .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) , inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) , is made of bronze . it is in turkey , the leader of which is ahmet davutoglu . the capital of turkey is ankara . the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira .
aids ( journal ) , the publisher of which is lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins , is published in the united kingdom . the parent company of lippincott williams & amp ; wilkins is wolters kluwer . elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
