a severed wasp , the oclc number of which is 8805735 , has 388 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
the stadium of a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 seats .
1634 : the ram rebellion can be found in print .
ampara hospital is in sri lanka and eastern province ( sri lanka ) . the eastern provincial council governs eastern province , sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
batchoy , the main ingredient in which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef , comes from philippines . it contains vegetable .
massimo drago , who plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio , is the manager of a . c . cesena .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus ( near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road ) .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in pakistan . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson , which lives in the united states . he graduated from stanford university .
akita museum of art is in japan .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states . the county seat of fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
ben urich is also known as benjamin urich .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18r / 36l , is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 87 square kilometres .
buzz aldrin , who is also known as edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . nasa selected him in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he is a fighter pilot . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
elliot see , who died in st . louis , graduated from university of texas at austin . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia is in alba iulia and romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . it is part of alba county .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is in added to the national register of historic places in new york city on april 23 ( 1980 ) .
john cowper powys , born in shirley ( derbyshire ) , is the author of a glastonbury romance . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
