baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the leader of which is artur rasizade . the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) legislates it azerbaijan .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
lee county , alabama is in the united states and alabama . auburn , alabama is part of lee county ( alabama ) . an ethnic group of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) , are native americans in the united states .
acta mathematica hungarica , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . . the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology .
1 decembrie 1918 university , alba iulia , which is in alba , is also known as uab .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state senate , which is in california state capitol .
a . c . chievo verona plays in verona ( italy ) . the stadium of a . c . chievo verona has 39371 seats .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
azal pfk plays in azerbaijan premier league .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . bionico , which contains granola , is found in jalisco .
william anders , who graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . , was a crew member of apollo 8 , the backup pilot of which was buzz aldrin . he is retired . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates it .
the oclc number of a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , is 8805735 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which marriott international operates , is in denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . it was founded in washington ( d . c . ) . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . scott adsit stars it big hero 6 ( film ) .
agra airport , which indian air force operates , is in uttar pradesh , the leader of which is ram naik . it has the hal light combat helicopter aircraft helicopter . it is part of bundelkhand .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the english language is spoken in it .
