bionico comes from mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico , the currency of which is the mexican peso . (id574)
ernie colon , who is from puerto ricans , created the character bolt , which is also known as larry bolatinsky . gary cohn created it . (id702)
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of american universities . the cornell university is in new york . (id423)
port authority of new york and new jersey , which serves new jersey , operates atlantic city international airport . four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey . (id529)
united states air force , which has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya . (id517)
garth nix is the author of above the veil . (id82)
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states and pennsylvania . he is a contributing property . (id620)
curitiba is part of south region ( brazil ) . (id26)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . (id490)
alcatraz versus the scriveners bones follows alcatraz versus the evil librarians . brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones . (id347)
the potter county , texas is in texas and the united states . amarillo , texas is part of potter county ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it . the capital of texas is austin ( texas ) . (id799)
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) . lake placid , new york is part of new york . (id903)
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . (id433)
the name of the runway of alderney airport is 14 / 32 . (id8)
the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which is in copenhagen , is marriott international . 3xn designed it . it has 23 floors . (id601)
bbc broadcasts bananaman . (id148)
austin , texas is part of texas and hays county ( texas ) . the county seat of hays county , texas is san marcos ( texas ) . the largest city in texas is houston . (id640)
amatriciana sauce , which comes from italy , is found in lazio . it contains guanciale . (id540)
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture . (id45)
alan bean , born in wheeler ( texas ) , is from the united states . he spent 100305 minutes in space . nasa selected him in 1963 . (id724)
