albert jennings fountain , born in new york city and staten island , died in new mexico territory .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the isbn number of which is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 . it can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed .
arem - arem comes from indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
egg harbor township , new jersey is in the united states . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . an ethnic group of canada are asian canadians .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology .
american motors , which eagle ( automobile ) succeeded , manufactured the amc matador .
the engine of aidaluna is caterpillar inc . , a key person at which is douglas r . oberhelman .
andra ( singer ) , who was a solo singer and a singing , plays for rhythm and blues . he was born in 1986 in romania .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , discovered 103 hera . he died of peritonitis in madison ( wisconsin ) .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) , born on january 01 , 1989 , plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c . .
the oclc number of which can be found in hardcover a severed wasp is 8805735 .
allen forrest , who plays for acoustic music , was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he was a solo singer .
the population density of anderson , indiana , the total area of which is 107 square kilometers , is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometer . it is 267 . 919 meters above the sea level .
allen forrest , born in 1981 , plays for hip hop music , disco has which influenced . funk has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
agnes kant is in netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and austria - hungary .
angola , indiana is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
a . f . c . blackpool , which is also known as association football club blackpool , plays in blackpool . the stadium of a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 seats .
