abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , lives in sarawak . abdul taib mahmud belongs to the barisan raayat jati sarawak .
alberto teisaire , who belongs to the justicialist party , died in buenos aires . juan peron was the president of alberto teisaire . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
1634 : the ram rebellion , the author of which is virginia demarce , can be found in e - book .
albany , georgia is part of u . s . state of georgia . it is in the united states , in which the english language is spoken . an ethnic group of the united states are native americans in the united states .
john cowper powys , born in shirley ( derbyshire ) , is the author of a glastonbury romance . he died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the mass of 103 hera is 7 . 9 kilograms .
neptun werft , which is in rostock and germany , manufactured the a - rosa luna .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed .
the oclc number of which can be found in print & amp ; paperback a long long way is 57392246 .
anaheim , california , the area code of which is 657 and 714 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 square kilometers .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares ( rocket ) , which was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 on april 21 , 2013 . antares ( rocket ) last flew on september 18 , 2013 .
anders osborne , who played with voice of the wetlands all - stars , played in billy iuso . he plays for rock music . he participated in galactic . he was active in 1989 .
george winkler , who is in the united states , designed 320 south boston building , which has 22 floors .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge ( london ) .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
alfa romeo 164 , which is also known as fiat croma , was assembled in italy . the capital of italy is rome .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
alvah sabin , who is secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23 , 1793 .
andrews county airport is in texas , the capital of which is austin ( texas ) . the english language is spoken in it .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
