albany , oregon is part of the united states .
arros negre is found in catalonia .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in italy . the italian language is spoken in it . italians live in italy , the capital of which is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow . it plays in otkrytiye arena .
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the battle of gettysburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of gettysburg .
alfred moore scales , which was involved in the siege of petersburg , is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . siege of petersburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was jefferson davis .
ariane 5 was launched from guiana space centre .
3arena , which the company populous designed , is in dublin .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
neptun werft , which is in rostock , manufactured the a - rosa luna . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany , been by there .
aaron turner plays singing . he plays for avant - garde metal .
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture .
the mass of 101 helena , the escape velocity of which is 0 . 0348 kilometers per second , is 3000 . 0 . the apoapsis of 101 helena is 4 . 41092e8 kilometers .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , new wave music has which influenced .
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay , in which the spanish language is spoken . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo , the leader of which is daniel martinez ( politician ) , is in uruguay .
the magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
aida cruises operates aidastella , the beam of which is 32 . 2 meters long . the maximum speed of aidastella is 38 . 892 . meyer werft manufactured the aidastella . the length of aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres .
alan martin ( footballer , born 1989 ) plays for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . . it plays in accrington .
adonis georgiadis , who is deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally , was born in athens .
