1634 : the ram rebellion , which has 512 pages , can be found in e - book . eric flint ( virginia demarce , et al . ) is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
costa crociere is in genoa .
a severed wasp , the isbn number of which is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 , can be found in print .
saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) and essex county ( new york ) . the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 4 . 45895e + 11 .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio , the dean of which was mario botta , is in switzerland and mendrisio . the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 600 students and 100 employees . it was established in 1996 . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor of switzerland .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington ( maryland ) .
william anders was born in british hong kong .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in sidcup and london . the leader of london , the leader of which is boris johnson , is the european parliament .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
the publisher of acm transactions on information systems is association for computing machinery , the leader of which is alexander l . wolf . new york city is the headquarters of the association for computing machinery .
bionico , which is a dessert , comes from mexico . the main ingredient in bionico , found in guadalajara , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . it contains sour cream .
william anders retired on september 01 , 1969 . he is from the united states . he was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 . nasa operates apollo 8 .
the acharya institute of technology , the director of which is dr . g . p . prabhukumar , is in bangalore . the acharya institute of technology has ~ 700 postgraduate students . acharya institute of technology , which is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university , is located at urban ( , \ nin soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . ) .
the stadium of acf fiorentina has 47290 seats . it is also known as acf fiorentina s . p . a . .
bandeja paisa , which comes from colombian cuisine , contains chicharron .
the antwerp international airport serves antwerp , which is in belgium . the german language is spoken in it .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
ace wilder , born in stockholm in 1982 , was a solo singer and a songwriter .
baked alaska comes from france . manuel valls is the leader of france , the currency of which is the euro .
