alfredo zitarrosa , who died in montevideo , was born in uruguay .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
andrew white ( musician ) plays for alternative rock , new wave music has which influenced .
the apoapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 2 . 5498957060815e8 kilometers .
atlas ii , which is from the united states , was launched from cape canaveral air force station and spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
abel caballero , who is minister of transport , was born in spain and galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero belongs to the spanish socialist workers party .
adam holloway , who graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) , was born in kent .
adam maher , born in netherlands , plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . , which plays in palo seco velodrome .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and paraguay . juan afara is the leader of paraguay .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
ab klink , who belongs to the christian democratic appeal , graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he was born in netherlands .
ahmet ertegun , the home town of which is the united states , plays for rhythm and blues . he was a non performing personnel . he is from washington ( d . c . ) .
alison o ' donnell , who played with head south by weaving , played in mellow candle . he plays for folk music . he was active in 1963 .
new wave music has influenced indie rock .
mike akhigbe , which predecessor is oladipo diya , has been the vice - president of abdulsalami abubakar , whom al - amin daggash succeeded . he served in the nigerian air force .
adam holloway , which served in the grenadier guards , was involved in the gulf war . george h . w . bush was the commander during gulf war .
alvah sabin , born in georgia ( vermont ) , is found in vermonts 3rd congressional district . the alvah sabin is in vermont . he died in sycamore ( illinois ) . the largest city in vermont is burlington ( vermont ) .
aleksandra kovac , who plays for pop music , was born in belgrade in 1972 . he was a solo singer .
