live nation entertainment owns the 3arena , which is in dublin . it is part of republic of ireland and leinster .
asam pedas , found in sumatra and malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the capital of which is kuala lumpur , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
the land area of albuquerque , new mexico , the population density of which is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometer , is 486 square kilometers . the area code of albuquerque , new mexico is 505575 . the total area of albuquerque , new mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) . he is retired . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . nasa operates apollo 11 .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . it plays in blackpool . gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool .
beef kway teow comes from singapore . tony tan is the leader of singapore , in which the english language is spoken .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in haputale .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
siomay contains peanut sauce .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 inhabitants per square kilometer .
the stadium of akron summit assault has 3000 seats . it played in 2011 pdl season .
the land area of atlanta , the total area of which is 347 square kilometers , is 344 square kilometers . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer . the area code of atlanta is 404 . it is part of dekalb county ( georgia ) .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid , the leader party in which is ahora madrid . it is in spain .
united states air force , which has an attack aircraft called lockheed ac - 130 and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter , operates al asad airbase . it uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as aircraft transport . it was involved in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
auburn , alabama is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
asam pedas , found in sumatra , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of sumatra , an ethnic group of which are malays ( ethnic group ) , are minangkabau people .
qiu xiaolong is the author of which can be found in print a loyal character dancer .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
