aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi , the manager of which is levan khomeriki .
andrews county airport is 967 . 435 meters above the sea level .
weymouth sands follows a glastonbury romance , the author of which is john cowper powys .
binignit , which comes from philippines , is a dessert . cookie can be a variation of dessert . the philippine english language is spoken in it .
acura tlx is also known as honda accord .
albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips , born in darien ( connecticut ) . he is from connecticuts 4th district .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , discovered 107 camilla . he is from england .
the mass of 101 helena is 3 . 0 kilograms .
the publisher of administrative science quarterly is cornell university , which is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . the cornell university is in new york and ithaca ( new york ) .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champion of which are vila nova futebol clube , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
buzz aldrin , who is from the united states , was born in glen ridge ( new jersey ) on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 . he received the 20 awards . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . . he is retired .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny and fc kuban krasnodar . fc terek grozny , the manager of which is rashid rakhimov , plays in grozny .
agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) , emile roemer belongs to which .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and austria .
abradab was born in katowice and poland .
arrabbiata sauce , found in rome , comes from italy . it contains olive oil .
the diameter of atlas ii , which last flew on december 05 , 2002 , is 3 . 04 . it was launched from vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
the number of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 101 helena .
