alfredo zitarrosa , born in montevideo , died in uruguay .
antioch , california , the total population of which is 102372 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of antioch , california is 925 . the total area of antioch , california is 753 square kilometers .
allama iqbal international airport , which pakistan civil aviation authority operates , is in punjab ( pakistan ) . the length of the runway at allama iqbal international airport , the name of which is 18r / 36l , is 2900 meters . the allama iqbal international airport serves lahore .
walter baade , born in german empire , discovered 1036 ganymed . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are vietnamese people in japan .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
aleksandra kovac , born in socialist republic of serbia in 1972 , was a solo singer . he plays for pop music , which has influenced disco .
adam koc is from poland , in which the polish language is spoken . an ethnic group of poland are kashubians .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
aaron s . daggett , born in maine , received the awards from the purple heart . it was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
250 delaware avenue is in the united states . it has 12 floors .
bakso , which comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball , contains tapioca . the main ingredient in bakso , found in nationwide in indonesia ( also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries ) , are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the architectural style of adisham hall , which was completed in 1931 , is tudor and jacabian . it is in sri lanka .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 and july 03 , 1941 .
aida cruises operates aidaluna .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24 , 1989 .
college of william and mary owns the alan b . miller hall , which was completed in june 01 , 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way . it is in williamsburg ( virginia ) .
aston martin v8 , assembled in newport pagnell , is related to aston martin dbs . the engine of aston martin v8 is aston martin v8 1 . aston martin manufactured the aston martin v8 . aston martin vantage succeeded it .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
united states air force , which was involved in the invasion of grenada , operates al asad airbase . it has the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
