bandeja paisa comes from colombian cuisine .
alan shepard , born in new hampshire , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . he received the awards from the distinguished service medal . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
200 public square , which is in the united states , has 45 floors .
eric flint , born in burbank ( california ) , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which follows grantville gazette iii and issues ii ( iii , iv , v and vi ) .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick . it is part of munster . the limerick city and county council governs it .
antioch , california , the total area of which is 75 . 32 square kilometres , is 13 . 1064 meters above the sea level .
a severed wasp is published in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is washington ( d . c . ) .
buzz aldrin , the birth name of which is edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 , which nasa operates . he received the 20 awards .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy , the capital of which is rome . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . the italian language is spoken in it .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita prefecture and akita ( akita ) . an ethnic group of japan are brazilians in japan .
bakso , which contains tapioca , is found in indonesia . it comes from indonesia , derived from chinese meat ball . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , which is in the united states . the capital of the united states , an ethnic group of which are white americans , is washington ( d . c . ) . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
akita museum of art is in japan and akita ( akita ) . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan , an ethnic group of which are chinese people in japan .
pierce county , washington is in the united states . auburn , washington is part of pierce county ( washington ) .
b . m . reddy was the president of acharya institute of technology , which is in bangalore , india and karnataka . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . it was established in 2000 . the motto of acharya institute of technology is nurturing excellence .
a addiction ( journal ) , which is abbreviated to addiction , covers the academic discipline of addiction . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
athens , which the athens international airport serves , is in greece , the leader of which is prokopis pavlopoulos . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . the greek language is spoken in it .
a . f . c . fylde , which is also known as association football club fylde , played in 2014 in bryning lane . the stadium of a . f . c . fylde has 3180 seats .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
