margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is in tirstrup , which is in denmark . it is part of central denmark region .
alan shepard , who died in california , was a crew member of apollo 14 , which nasa operates . , a senator dianne feinstein , california is well known for the benitoite gemstone .
200 public square is in cleveland . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
alfons gorbach , who died in austria , was born in tyrol ( state ) . doris bures is the leader of austria .
the spouse of albert b . white , which william m . o . dawson succeeded , is agnes ward white . he is governor of west virginia . he was born in cleveland . he was active on march 04 , 1905 .
a wizard of mars is published in the united states . an ethnic group of the united states are asian americans .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . the engine of alco rs - 3 is diesel - electric transmission .
alfredo zitarrosa , who plays for zamba ( artform ) , was a solo singer .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina . alfred moore scales belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . he was born in reidsville ( north carolina ) .
andrew rayel , who plays for trance music , played with christian burns . he played in armin van buuren . he was born in chisinau ( moldova ) . he was active in 2009 .
the length of the runway of angola international airport is 3800 . 86 meters . the angola international airport serves luanda .
aleksandre guruli , born in batumi , plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . the height of aleksandre guruli is 0 . 0 centimetres .
bhajji , found in karnataka , comes from india . a bhajji is also called a bhaji and bajji . it contains vegetable .
aleksandra kovac , who played in k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he played with kristina kovac .
the length of the runway at adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , the name of which is 14l / 32r , is 4100 meters . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , which is 610 meters above the sea level , is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) . enaire operates it .
anaheim , california is part of california . the leader of anaheim , california is the california state senate , which is in california state capitol .
the wheelbase of abarth 1000 gt coupe is 2 . 16 . the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe .
jefferson davis was the commander during american civil war , part of which is battle of fredericksburg . alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of fredericksburg .
amdavad ni gufa is in gujarat and india . anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
albert jennings fountain , who was involved in the american civil war , was born in new york . the french language is spoken in it . abraham lincoln was the commander during american civil war .
