robert e . lee was the commander during battle of antietam .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
the icao location identifier of the afonso pena international airport is sbct .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien ( connecticut ) .
a fortress of grey ice , the author of which is j . v . jones , can be found in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
alberto teisaire , whom isaac rojas succeeded , was rear admiral . he was born in mendoza ( argentina ) .
alison o ' donnell , who played with mellow candle , played in flibbertigibbet . he plays for folk music of ireland .
adare manor is in adare and county limerick . it is part of munster . the limerick city and county council governs it .
the adirondack regional airport serves lake placid ( new york ) and saranac lake ( new york ) . harrietstown , new york is in the united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown ( new york ) . lake placid , new york is part of new york .
1634 : the ram rebellion , which follows 1634 : the galileo affair , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
adonis georgiadis , who is member of thehellenic parliament , was born in greece and athens . makis voridis succeeded it .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , the dean of which was thomas pallesen , has 737 employees . the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences is in aarhus and denmark . aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , established in 1928 , is affiliated with european university association . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is 5 . 3 , is related to aston martin dbs . it was assembled in the united kingdom .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
california is well known for the benitoite gemstone .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans . americans live in the united states .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is affiliated with european university association , is in denmark , the leader of which is the monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . brussels is the headquarters of the european university association .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 103 hera .
aleksandra kovac , who played with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , played in bebi dol . he plays for pop music .
