gus poyet , who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . , is the manager of aek athens f . c . . it plays in olympic stadium ( athens ) . it is in marousi .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team and t & amp ; tec sports club .
american locomotive company manufactured the alco rs - 3 , the length of which is 17068 . 8 millimetres . the engine of alco rs - 3 is v12 engine . it was made in may 1950 & amp ; ndash ; august 1956 .
albany , georgia is part of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , died in dona ana county ( new mexico ) .
300 north lasalle is in chicago .
aleksandr chumakov , who plays for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team , died in russia . valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) , the capital of which is olympia ( washington ) . it is in the united states .
bakewell tart can a variation of which be bakewell pudding is found in derbyshire dales . the main ingredient in bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
alfa romeo 164 was assembled in arese .
amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
bhajji comes from india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city ( new jersey ) . atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township ( new jersey ) . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . it is in the united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
ariane 5 was first launched on august 11 , 2005 .
antares ( rocket ) was first launched from mid - atlantic regional spaceport on january 09 , 2014 .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
al kharaitiyat sc plays for qatar stars league .
adam holloway , born in kent , was involved in the gulf war . he was active on may 05 , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college ( cambridge ) .
1634 : the ram rebellion is published in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) .
