alvis car and engineering company , founded in the coventry , manufactured the alvis speed 25 , the engine of which is petrol . rover company succeeded it .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
alvah sabin , who is secretary of state of vermont , was born on october 23 , 1793 .
the transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speedzf9hpautomatic ( v6 ) .
the orbital period of ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , the periapsis of which is 8 . 82343e + 10 , is 3 . 9447e + 07 . spacewatch discovered it .
al anderson ( nrbq ) , who plays guitar , played with nrbq . he plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) . country music has influenced it .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , served in the united states army , which was involved in the whiskey rebellion . he is member of the .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman yakub succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
aaron s . daggett , which received the awards from the purple heart , was involved in the battle of gettysburg . battle of gettysburg is part of american civil war , the commander of which was robert e . lee .
andrew rayel , who played in jonathan mendelsohn , played with christian burns . he plays for trance music . he was active in 2009 .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales , which is governor of north carolina . alfred moore scales belongs to the democratic party ( united states ) . he was born in reidsville ( north carolina ) .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy , is related to fiat croma . it is also known as saab 9000 . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is alfa romeo 164 4 .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is aston martin v8 1 , is related to aston martin dbs . aston martin virage succeeded it . aston martin manufactured the aston martin virage .
albert jennings fountain , who died in the united states , was born in staten island . an ethnic group of the united states are african americans .
aaron s . daggett , who was involved in the battle of fredericksburg , received the awards from the purple heart .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
carl a . wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
country music plays banjo . al anderson ( nrbq ) plays for rock music , blues has which influenced . rock music , it has which influenced , has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , discovered 101 helena .
