the aarhus university , school of business and social sciences has 16000 students .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
alfred garth jones , who died in sidcup , was born in manchester and england .
allen forrest , born in dothan ( alabama ) , plays for rhythm and blues . he was a solo singer .
the orbital period of 11264 claudiomaccone , the periapsis of which is 2 . 96521e + 11 , is 1 . 30786e + 08 . it was last seen on november 26 ( 2005 ) . the apoapsis of 11264 claudiomaccone is 4 . 75426e8 kilometers . the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
the home town of aaron deer , who plays for psychedelia , is the united states . he is from indiana .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , the manager of which is jorge orosman da silva .
bionico , found in jalisco , comes from mexico . honey can be a variation of bionico . it is a dessert . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
audi , which owns ducati , manufactured the audi a1 .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city , belongs to the republican party ( united states ) .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
siomay can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . shumai can be a variation of batagor . it contains peanut sauce . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
a severed wasp , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain .
club sandwich can a variation of which be blt can be a variation of bacon sandwich , which contains bread .
american journal of mathematics , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to am . j . math . .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
abradab , who played with kaliber 44 , played in magik ( rapper ) . he was born on november 12 , 1978 in katowice and poland .
akeem ayers , who was draft , played in tennessee titans .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
