a american journal of mathematics covers the academic discipline of mathematics .
a . s . gubbio 1910 plays in gubbio . it is found in umbria .
the english language , spoken in the united states , is spoken about in great britain . a severed wasp is published in the united states . barack obama is the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , which stv broadcasts .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
asam pedas , found in malay peninsula , comes from malaysia . an ethnic group of malaysia , the leader of which is abu zahar ujang , are malaysian malay . an ethnic group of malaysia are malaysian indian .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark , in which the faroese language is spoken . aarhus airport is in tirstrup , which is in denmark . it is part of central denmark region .
a bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , is also called a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
the al - taqaddum air base serves fallujah , which is in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , in which the kurdish languages are spoken .
aarhus university , school of business and social sciences , which is in aarhus and denmark , has 737 employees . it was established in 1928 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
shumai can a variation of which be batagor comes from indonesia . siomay can be a variation of batagor . it contains shiitake . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
akron , ohio is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are african americans .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , the oclc number of which is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
akita museum of art is in japan , akita ( akita ) and akita prefecture . an ethnic group of japan are vietnamese people in japan .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is in madrid ( paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas ) .
the length of the runway at atlantic city international airport is 3048 meters . port authority of new york and new jersey operates it .
fountain county , indiana is in the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) . attica , indiana is part of fountain county ( indiana ) .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . the largest city in fulton county , georgia is atlanta .
peter laird , who is from the united states , created april o ' neil .
