agnes kant , who is house of representatives ( netherlands ) , is from netherlands , the leader of which is mark rutte . it lives in doesburg . khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
baked alaska , found in new york , comes from the united states . it contains christmas pudding .
a wizard of mars , published in the united states , is written in english language , spoken in great britain . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
attica , indiana is 166 meters above the sea level .
ace wilder , born on july 23 , 1982 in 1982 in sweden , was a solo singer .
the beam of american submarine nr - 1 , which general dynamics electric boat manufactured , is at stern stabilizers . the parent company of general dynamics electric boat is general dynamics . it is in groton ( connecticut ) .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
200 public square , which is in the united states , has 45 floors .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township ( steuben county , indiana ) . it is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is in the united states , seminary ridge and gettysburg ( pennsylvania ) . he is a contributing property .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc spartak moscow youthclub and - anzhi makhachkala . it plays in otkrytiye arena .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910 .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under - 23 football team . al kharaitiyat sc , the manager of which is amar osim , plays in al khor .
united states air force operates al asad airbase , which is in iraq . the length of the runway of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 meters .
a severed wasp , the oclc number of which is 8805735 , has 388 pages . it can be found in hardcover .
3arena is in dublin .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born in wheeler ( texas ) on march 15 , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space . he is retired .
azal pfk , which is in shuvalan ( baku , azerbaijan ) , plays in azal arena .
alison o ' donnell plays voice ( bodhran , percussion , autoharp ) .
