jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
11th mississippi infantry monument , found in adams county ( pennsylvania ) , is in the united states , seminary ridge and pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 . he is a contributing property .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense plays in campeonato brasileiro serie c , the champion of which are vila nova futebol clube , in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . it is in alagoas .
south jersey transportation authority owns the atlantic city international airport .
alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . california , in which the fossil smilodon was found , is well known for the benitoite gemstone . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
anaheim , california , the area code of which is 657 and 714 , has a utc offset of - 7 . the total area of anaheim , california is 131 square kilometers .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains tomato , is found in rome . it comes from italy .
john madin , who designed 103 colmore row , was born in birmingham . the postal code of birmingham , the leader of which is andrew mitchell , is b .
the name of the runway of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
alan bean , who is a test pilot , is from the united states . he was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler ( texas ) . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . . he was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is retired .
3arena , which hok sve designed , is in east link bridge .
the abilene regional airport serves abilene ( texas ) .
pietro canonica manufactured the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , which is made of bronze . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27 ( 1932 ) . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is in turkey , the leader of which is the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara .
jill shilling stars in bananaman , which steve bright created . bananaman , which stv broadcasts , first aired on october 03 , 1983 .
asser levy public baths is in new york city .
andrews county airport is in texas , tejano live in which . it is in the united states .
gardner fox created the character blockbuster , which is also known as mark desmond . carmine infantino created it .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , an ethnic group of which are asian americans .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and the chinatown ( san francisco ) .
