alan frew plays for rock music .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and athens .
walter baade , who is from germany , discovered 1036 ganymed . he was born in german empire . he graduated from university of gottingen . he is the doctoral adviser of allan sandage .
allan shivers was involved in the world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander during world war ii .
alan frew plays for rock music , which has influenced bhangra ( music ) .
aston martin v8 , the engine of which is 5 . 3 , is related to aston martin dbs . it was assembled in the united kingdom .
abdul taib mahmud belongs to the parti bumiputera sarawak .
abradab was born on november 12 , 1978 in katowice .
albert b . white , born on september 22 , 1856 , died in 1941 .
albert jennings fountain , born in new york city and staten island , died in new mexico territory .
aaron boogaard was born in canada . the anthem of canada , the leader of which is elizabeth ii , is o canada . the slavey language is spoken in it .
aida cruises operates aidaluna , the engine of which is caterpillar inc . . it is in illinois . it was founded in california .
aida cruises operates aidastella , which meyer werft manufactured . costa crociere , which is in genoa , operates it . the parent company of costa crociere is carnival corporation & amp ; plc .
alex tyus , which plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . , plays in turkish basketball super league .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states . americans live in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington ( d . c . ) . the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
uruguayans live in uruguay , montevideo is in which . alfredo zitarrosa died in it . daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo .
aaron bertram , who plays for ska punk , participated in suburban legends . ska has influenced it .
albert jennings fountain served in the union army .
neptun werft , which is in rostock , manufactured the a - rosa luna . stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany , been by there .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and austria - hungary .
