atlanta falcons drafts akeem dent , who played in houston texans . the houston texans is in texas and houston .
a audi a1 , the engine of which is audi a1 3 , is of the class , supermini . the layout of audi a1 is front - engine ( front - wheel - drive layout ) . it was assembled in audi brussels .
acta mathematica hungarica , which covers the academic discipline of mathematics , is abbreviated to acta math . hungar . . the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
bbc broadcasts bananaman , jill shilling stars in which .
adam koc , which is from poland , was involved in the polish - soviet war . the polish language is spoken in it . joseph stalin was the commander during polish - soviet war .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and dougherty county ( georgia ) . the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta .
the land area of atlanta , the total area of which is 347 square kilometers , is 344 square kilometers . the population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometer . the area code of atlanta is 404 . it is part of dekalb county ( georgia ) .
the english language is spoken in aenir . above the veil follows it . it is published in australians .
the magnitude of 103 hera is 7 . 66 .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
alfa romeo 164 , assembled in arese , is also known as fiat croma . it is related to lancia thema .
manhattan is part of new york .
ace wilder , born in sweden , plays for hip hop music , funk has which influenced . disco has influenced it . it has influenced drum and bass .
anders osborne , the label of which is rabadash records , plays for rhythm and blues .
batagor , which contains peanut sauce , comes from indonesia .
the escape velocity of 109 felicitas , the orbital period of which is 1 . 39705e + 08 , is 170 . 28 kilometers per second . the periapsis of 109 felicitas is 2 . 83326e + 11 . it was last seen on december 31 ( 2006 ) .
the main ingredient in baked alaska , found in paris ( new york or hong kong ) , are meringue and ice cream , sponge cakeorchristmas pudding . baked alaska , which contains sponge cake , comes from the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , the capital of which is washington ( d . c . ) .
agnes kant , who is member of the house of representatives , graduated from radboud university nijmegen . he was born in west germany .
akeem ayers , whom tennessee titans drafts , played in new england patriots . it is in nashville ( tennessee ) .
