alan shepard , who received the awards from the distinguished service medal , died in california . the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . california , in which the fossil smilodon was found , is well known for the benitoite gemstone . dianne feinstein is a senator in it .
aaron deer , who plays for psychedelia , was a solo singer . the home town of aaron deer , who is from indiana , is indianapolis .
qiu xiaolong is the author of which can be found in print a loyal character dancer .
alison o ' donnell , the label of which is deram records , plays for jazz . the label of alison o ' donnell is fruits de mer records . it is in london .
asilomar conference grounds , the reference number in the national register of historic places of which is 87000823 , is in pacific grove ( california ) in added to the national register of historic places on february 27 ( 1987 ) . it was built in 1913 .
the stadium of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 seats . it played in 2014 - 15 an epsth ( greece ) .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 02 , 1995 .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is in icolo e bengo , which is in angola . it is part of luanda province .
the stadium of a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 seats . it plays in gubbio .
a fortress of grey ice is published in the united states . the leader of the united states , an ethnic group of which are native americans in the united states , is the president of the united states .
ab klink was born in stellendam ( netherlands ) .
montreal locomotive works manufactured the alco rs - 3 , diesel - electric transmission is the engine of alco rs - 3 .
11th mississippi infantry monument , which is a contributing property , was established in 2000 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) . the distributor of big hero 6 ( film ) , scott adsit stars in which , is walt disney studios motion pictures .
stephen yong kuet tze is the deputy of abdul rahman ya ' kub . abdul rahman yakub succeeded abdul taib mahmud .
the engine of a - rosa luna is mtu friedrichshafen , which rolls - royce holdings owns .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
a - rosa luna was christened on april 07 , 2005 .
abradab , the home town of which is katowice , played in kaliber 44 . he played with magik ( rapper ) .
